1	adjudicated	R	The Murderer, watched the news station give info about his victims, who were found half eaten. He watched in confusion wondering who was eating the bodies he was burying.
2	adjudicated	PG-13	The little girl smiled as many customers came back to her lemonade stand for several refills, unable to get enough of her deliciously sweet drink. She pushed the empty bottle of antifreeze further beneath the table as her customers crowded around.
3	adjudicated	PG-13	After almost two years, the whole family was finally able to travel to see the baby, but most of them wouldn’t even look at him. I’m starting to think that either 18 months was too long to wait for his funeral, or maybe the open casket was a mistake.
4	adjudicated	NC-17	I was horrified when the spray of blood, flesh and teeth hit the ceiling. It seems that I leaned my head too far back.
5	adjudicated	R	Please don't-' I begged through gritted teeth, my plea suddenly cut short by the large man sawing deeper into my leg. 'Please - don't - stop,' I muttered through choked breaths, euphoria filling my body as I was finally fulfilling my fetish of being cannibalized alive.
6	adjudicated	PG	It was always so nice to see a mother bonding with her child. But to wake up to the same sight of her still pushing her child on the swing set was a bit unnerving.
7	adjudicated	PG-13	Sleeping in the same room as my sister is starting to be hard, I keep pleading to my parents to let me move to the living room or even the garage at this point. But no matter what I say, they always respond that siblings are meant to stick together, both in life and in death.
8	adjudicated	PG-13	I wish I had sunscreen Though as bad as the blisters are getting, at this point if I had any I would probably just eat it
9	adjudicated	R	Daddy, what's this?', my son kept saying, but I was too engrossed in my phone to look up. News headline: father of boy - aged 4 - who fatally shot himself was on social media at the time of the incident.
10	adjudicated	PG-13	I dragged her out of the fire, moving towards the ambulances. '1 fatality, extreme spinal damage caused by improper transportation.'
11	adjudicated	PG-13	It sure is hot in here. I hope mom comes and gets me out of the car soon.
12	adjudicated	PG-13	He stroked his wife's wet hair and kissed her forehead as they gazed down lovingly at the newborn cradled between them. Ten miles away, the Queen stared down at her mewling newborn and whispered to her guard: 'Ferret out and kill all the other babes born this Eve as they should not have the same birthday as the princess.'
13	adjudicated	PG-13	Micheal finally confessed to Elizabeth his 'baggage' was that his uncle had brutally molested him for years, and he was too terrified to bring that into their relationship without any closure. The very next Saturday, on the breakfast table next to his pancakes, Micheal found a bowling ball bag with a cute little note in Elizabeth's handwriting that said 'How is this for closure?'
14	adjudicated	PG-13	I felt happy for the first time in 14 years as we sat down and I prepared to say the magic words to finally leave this abusive relationship behind me for good. 'We're having a baby', she said with a widening grin as she saw color leaving my face.
15	adjudicated	PG	For eight months now nobody's even acknowledged me. Things have been really weird since my operation.
16	adjudicated	PG	There are beings so horrible, so terrifying that our brains block them out. Haven’t you ever wondered why you get a random feeling of being watched, but nothing is around? Edit: Anyone wanting to use this post in other content may do so. I only ask that you credit it and please stop dming me
17	adjudicated	PG-13	I put my sunglasses on, thinking it's quite bright It wasn't until my skin seared off that it hit me!
18	adjudicated	PG-13	Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water. The well was dry and neither cried, as both their tear ducts faltered.
19	adjudicated	R	Having witnessed the accident, Janet hurried to perform first aid on the screaming motorcyclist. She heard vertebrae crunch when she removed his helmet, and the screaming stopped.
20	adjudicated	PG	When they first gave me immortality it was great because I got to see the world, have every job, learn every skill, love every type of person What they don’t tell ya is that after a few billion years the sun will explode and you’ll be endlessly drifting through darkness with nothing but memories of what once was and hope that you’ll hit a planet
21	adjudicated	PG-13	For years, I’ve had recurring nightmares where I’m being held captive and this cold awful voice outlines the sadistic plans he has for me. When my blind date sat down across from me and said hello, I finally had a face to go with the voice.
22	adjudicated	R	The virus has been mutating for years leaving us survivors clinging to any hope for a release from the torment we suffer daily. As me and my fellow survivors tear open the man's body with our teeth I find myself thankful that at least we are still sane.
23	adjudicated	PG-13	My grandfather, who served in the during WWII, told me the scariest part wasn't the machine gun fire directed at him when he stormed the beaches. The scariest thing was seeing the webbed, scaly, clawed hands that would reach out of the water and drag a few of the dead bodies into the sea.
24	adjudicated	PG-13	For my final wish, i told the genie that I've always wanted a girl to climb on top of me and go crazy. But, like every wisher, I wished I'd worded it more carefully as the most attractive woman I'd ever seen jumped on top of my chest with a boxcutter.
25	adjudicated	PG-13	“I don’t care what they say Santa, I know that you’re really real!” She took his hand and smiled at the familiar man as he walked her along the route between school and the corner of her street.
26	adjudicated	R	I hold his handsome face in my hands, afraid that if I let go he'll fall apart. If only he had listened when I told him that playing with chainsaws was dangerous.
27	adjudicated	PG-13	Still traumatized after escaping from my kidnapper, I peered through the window to see if my mom was home. My heart dropped when I saw him sitting with her at the dinner table, a police badge on his shirt.
28	adjudicated	PG-13	I was surprised when my husband started laughing when I finally worked up the courage to ask if he was cheating on me. He then shouted to his friends in the other room 'Hey guys this one has one of the worst cases of Stockholm I've ever seen, she thinks she's married to me.'
29	adjudicated	PG-13	With swift urgency, I ran to the distressed mother clutching her daughter who’d been struck by a car. Hands steady, I pulled out my phone and quickly zoomed into their faces and started recording.
30	adjudicated	PG-13	“Dad, it’s time for you to open up your Christmas presents,” I said jokingly. My smile turned to horror as his urn levitated and flew towards the tree.
31	adjudicated	PG	I hate how every conversation i have is always one sided. I can hear them speaking to me but can’t wake up to reply.
32	adjudicated	PG-13	She's been getting worse, she can barely move anymore without coughing. All we can hope now is that the spider eggs in her lungs will kill her on the way out.
33	adjudicated	R	I always love when mommy takes me for car rides, but I always fall asleep by the end of it. This time it was weird though because I was feeling sleepy just from hearing the car running and mommy didn't even want to open the garage to go anywhere.
34	adjudicated	PG-13	When the genie asked me what I wanted, I said, 'I need bitches on my dick.' But as they wheel me into A&E, the victim of multiple dog attacks, I wish I'd been more specific.
35	adjudicated	R	I kissed my four year old son on the forehead and told him that I loved him, as he smiled up at me I felt horrible as I held the pillow over his face, but I just didn't want to continue to raise a child with disabilities
36	adjudicated	PG	[NOV21] When the plague began to endanger humanity, we created long-term hibernation pods out of necessity. By the time these disease-ridden fools wake up, it’ll be some future generation’s problem.
37	adjudicated	PG	These... these aren't tears' said the decorator, looking at the tattered wallpaper in the abandoned house. 'These are scars'.
38	adjudicated	PG-13	[SEP21] “Alright children, as promised, we will be studying the human anatomy today!” “Honey, please don’t do this,” Father cried as Mother brought the scalpel across his abdomen.
39	adjudicated	PG	Tired and weary, praying for my safety, I opened the door. For what seemed like the 200th time, I find myself at the start of the labyrinth, I break down and I cry.
40	adjudicated	R	My baby brother is born with a zipper on his back. I unzipped it to find a crying newborn baby deep inside, covered in blood and a film of maggots.
41	adjudicated	PG-13	Mara could hear the thoughts of others, though she never told anyone that she could. She never listened intently on anyone's thoughts, until she met her best friend's chipper wife, who had no thoughts to read.
42	adjudicated	R	Having bought a new one, the rich boy threw his used sex doll in the dumpster. The completely paralyzed woman could only weep silent tears as trash bags were thrown on top of her.
43	adjudicated	PG-13	The beautiful stones littering the landscape drew thousands of tourists to the island every year. As a result the brood was especially well nourished when they finally hatched.
44	adjudicated	PG-13	Whatever you hit, you get to take home!' the carni told me, handing me a dart. I didn't mean to hit that woman in her head, but between the crowd's cheering and their insistent motioning towards her body, I just awkwardly grabbed her by the leg and began to drag her back to my car.
45	adjudicated	PG-13	As a non-verbal autistic boy I've never said a sentence or muttered a word of meaning to anyone. 'You know why' I answered my mother's pleas as I delivered the final blow.
46	adjudicated	NC-17	When my brother and I were kids and we would fight, our parents would always shout that we were going to kill each other. With the forming mushroom cloud in the distance, and revolvers pressed to each other's temples, we exchanged sad, morbid smiles at the fact that they were right, just before we counted to three.
47	adjudicated	PG	I wonder why this apartment is so cheap?' I thought before going to sleep. I woke up in the middle of the night and see a pair of eye staring at me from the shadows of the room.
48	adjudicated	PG-13	The idea of being the doctor performing my son's open heart surgery was terrifying, but I was the only surgeon on call. That fear turned to overwhelming relief when an 'accidental' slip of the scalpel led to me never having to pay child support ever again.
49	adjudicated	PG-13	As a prank, my friends and I ran up and stole the baby Jesus from the Nativity scene at the church but we dropped him and he broke. The people dressed as shepherds chased after us while the Mary actress screamed, and the priest prayed loudly and shakily.
50	adjudicated	PG-13	Don't get me wrong, I'm not upset that my two-year-old son drew an eye on the wall. I'm upset that it blinks.
51	adjudicated	PG-13	The purebreed won the competition. The human smiled proudly to the other competitors as the owner pats his head.
52	adjudicated	R	My husband peeled the skin off my stomach until only a thin layer remained He had told me that he wanted to be heavily involved in my pregnancy, but I didn't realise he wanted to actually watch it happening
53	adjudicated	PG-13	People think general anaesthetic puts you to sleep, but as an anaesthetist I know the truth. All anaesthetic does is paralyse you from moving and stop you forming memories of the excruciating surgical experience.
54	adjudicated	PG-13	My son was delighted as he splashed around in the rosy pink waters It was only when he went silent that I noticed the color beginning to deepen.
55	adjudicated	R	I recently started antidepressants and finally have my energy back. I was able to drive myself to the store and buy the rope.
56	adjudicated	PG	It wasn't the spider right infront of me that scared me when I woke up. It was the thing eating it.
57	adjudicated	PG	“It’s finally time to meet your older brother after all these years,” my mom said with a tremble in her voice. I started trembling too when she pried the first nail out of his coffin.
58	adjudicated	PG-13	I hate that I’m so fat My bones cry , as the mirror tells a lie
59	adjudicated	PG-13	When I adopted my dog, the shelter warned me to be careful because he would sometimes steal human food. It wasn't until I saw my daughter's crib the next morning that I realized they didn't mean table scraps.
60	adjudicated	PG-13	I love you'' she smiled through teary eyes. I smiled back, it was working and I could probably start feeding her tomorrow.
61	adjudicated	R	I want my mommy and daddy!' cried the girl as the man put her in the backseat of the car. The officer looked down at the little girl covered in her family's blood, but couldn't bring himself to remind her what she had done to them.
62	adjudicated	R	My heart was filled with rage and indignation as I buried my newborn daughter In the field of a dozen more small graves, I wondered how hard was it really for one of them to be a born a boy
63	adjudicated	PG-13	“You left me to die alone but they saved me.” NASA scientists were shocked to receive this message since the last message the Mars Rover transmitted 2 years ago was, “My battery is low and it’s getting dark.”
64	adjudicated	PG-13	I whispered to myself that I should find an isolated place, a van & a proper knife set for my killings. The next moment I logged into social media, there were ads about old houses, used vans & knife sets for sale popping up in my news feed.
65	adjudicated	PG-13	I love squirting canned cheese straight into my mouth after a heavy night drinking. As I experienced the acrid taste and felt my lungs filling up, I realised I'd picked up the can of expanding foam I'd been using for some DIY, but it was too late to stop it suffocating me.
66	adjudicated	PG-13	Today is my seventh birthday, and uncle Charlie is taking me to the pet store to get a puppy. I never knew I had an uncle Charlie, and my parents must have needed to tell him something really important, because they were running and shouting as we drove away.
67	adjudicated	PG-13	After protesting my innocence for 25 years, I finally walked free from prison, and entered a cafe for a good, strong cup of coffee. It’s funny, I thought later, but the man behind the counter looked *exactly* like me...
68	adjudicated	PG-13	All alone in the suffocating pitch darkness of the oubliette, the loneliness gnawing away at my sanity, I thought that surely no fate could be worse than that. It wasn't until I noticed the shaky, wet breathing that I realized that there are worse things than solitude...
69	adjudicated	R	I wasn't sure what was worse. The fact that I found the rotting corpses of my parents in the basement Or the fact that I could hear them laughing upstairs.
70	adjudicated	PG-13	I used to think space was so lonely. I would give anything for that to be true.
71	adjudicated	PG-13	“There! I drew a perfect heart!” She exclaimed to him. As she wiped the blood off her blade she sighed, “Too bad you died before you could see it.”
72	adjudicated	R	“I simply can’t in good health recommend this product.” The first doctor said. After blowing a bullet through his brain, the other nine quickly signed their endorsement.
73	adjudicated	PG-13	I've been swimming for hours and could tell I was not going to last much longer. The pool ladder had inexplicably vanished and the hovering crystal above my head turned into an ominous red.
74	adjudicated	PG-13	The man dropped the knife, satisfied he avenged his wife's murder. The next day, the police called to say they caught the killer.
75	adjudicated	NC-17	Months after my wife's disappearance, I finally got around to washing my daughter's stuffed animals, the only thing that gives her joy anymore. After washing them three times with no use, I realized that the stench was coming from pieces of rotten meat inside the animals, where their stomachs would be.
76	adjudicated	PG-13	After hearing a loud crash downstairs, I saw the man who has been stalking me for months, smiling crudely. His expression changed as I ran and screamed, “Yes. YES! Finally, you took the bait!”.
77	adjudicated	PG-13	[AUG21]I was confused when I found out my punishment in Hell was to be put in my son's bedroom. Then I heard my own voice as the door opened, glanced in the mirror, and saw my son's face.
78	adjudicated	NC-17	Disgusted with myself after cumming, I paused my sister's porn vid. Ten minutes later, I pushed start again, ready to try and identify who had dug her up.
79	adjudicated	R	People on the r/food subreddit have real strict ideals about what’s [Homemade] Those people were literally cooked by the house fire I lit, how much more [Homemade] could they be?!
80	adjudicated	PG-13	I swear, I was just innocently walking home; I was kicking stones, and one just got away from me!' The Father and The Holy Spirit were still angry despite my apology, claiming that the stone was rolling toward their pet-project in the Milky Way galaxy...
81	adjudicated	PG-13	One of the perks of being a doll-maker means I get to enjoy the joy on children's faces when they receive one of my creations. The other is that I have the skills to forever immortalise that emotion.
82	adjudicated	PG-13	“Peekaboo” I say and my toddler covers his eyes. Even if I can't do anything to protect him, I will at least spare him the horror of seeing whats coming for us.
83	adjudicated	R	As the final bell rang, I heard a group of kids talking about hanging out after school. The next morning, I was horrified to see police around the school, investigating the disappearance of a student: Tyler Out.
84	adjudicated	R	“God, you’re so wet,” he moaned. I didn’t have the heart to tell him my vaginal abscess had burst.
85	adjudicated	PG-13	You BITCH!' the man yelled when I accidentally bumped into him. [deleted]
86	adjudicated	PG-13	I'd always believed that dying in your sleep was the most peaceful way to go. I didn't know that it just meant that I'd never wake up from the nightmare I'm in.
87	adjudicated	PG-13	My dorky, neck-bearded Dungeon Master used to start each session with the same lame joke, “Remember kids, if you die in the game, you die in real life!” It was only after my character died heroically in combat that I grasped his true meaning, as I awoke later that night to find him standing by my bed, katana in hand.
88	adjudicated	R	For years, I thought it was so much fun to try and talk people into killing themselves on internet chat rooms. Then one day I heard a single gunshot from my little brother’s room right after I hit “send” and all of a sudden I didn’t think it was fun at all anymore.
89	adjudicated	R	Because I was losing my virginity to my girlfriend, I wanted to play along with whatever kink she had. I don’t know what the “praying mantis” is, but she seems excited to do it with me.
90	adjudicated	PG	I said go back to sleep!' my mom yelled angrily, while I lay in my bed shaking with fear. Its arm then slowly retracted into the wall, nails scratching along my blanket, as she continued, 'and leave my child alone!'
91	adjudicated	PG	I woke up to my alarm getting ready to start the day only to realize that it is still in the middle of the night. There is someone standing beside me mimicking the alarm ringtone.
92	adjudicated	PG	You would think that the moon disappearing would be the scariest thing for humans to witness, right? No, the scariest thing is when we found out where it disappeared *to*.
93	adjudicated	R	My wife hates it when I work from home. What happened to our son is tragic, but no one in my field has performed as many autopsies as me.
94	adjudicated	NC-17	I thought my cat, Milo, was retching out a hairball like he usually did, but I was gravely wrong. After minutes of gagging, the slick organ of Milo’s throbbing heart slid out of his mouth, though a panicked trip to the vet revealed he still had 8 hearts remaining.
95	adjudicated	R	I was excited when my girlfriend texted me: 'You can do anything with my body later.' My excitement disappeared when I came home to her lifeless body hanging from the ceiling.
96	adjudicated	PG-13	My Uncle said he would hold onto my lottery ticket until the numbers are drawn. When they called my number, he handed me his ticket and took mine with him to the gallows.
97	adjudicated	R	I had always prided myself on my technique of getting rid of a body which had kept me safe for twenty seven years. Imagine my surprise as I walked into my house one day and found every corpse I had ever dismembered, neatly reassembled at my kitchen table.
98	adjudicated	R	Momma always said I was destined for greatness. That sentence repeated in my mind as I flew the attack helicopter into the day care.
99	adjudicated	R	When I was a little girl, I wished on a falling star that I could be an astronaut. I wonder if anyone is making the same wish on me now that my heat shields have failed.
100	adjudicated	PG	Papa won’t speak to me ever since I totaled his pickup I finally made it all the way home, but he just keeps sobbing and sobbing like I’m not even there.
101	adjudicated	PG	1 day on this planet is 10 years on earth,' said the ship's AI 'I was programmed to inform you of this upon completion of your 12 day mission on the planet's surface.'
102	adjudicated	PG-13	“God, I know you are just,” said the faithful servant, “and surely you shall save my kin from slaughter.” “Unfortunately, the humans also pray to me,” God said, “and they will be very hungry this Thanksgiving.”
103	adjudicated	R	It screamed loudly when i finally shot it in the head... Sadly it was after the shot.
104	adjudicated	R	I felt my mummy give her last breath. Then I felt my daddy part her legs, and I saw his hairy forearm reaching to yank me out.
105	adjudicated	PG	Hey mom, this strange woman at the mall whispered to me that if you say someone's name backwards, you can order him to do whatever you want.' 'Nonsense, Anna, I would never do this to you, believe me, honey.'
106	adjudicated	PG-13	Say whatever you want about me, but I packed my bags and left my girlfriend after she decided not to terminate the pregnancy. Not only did she cheat on me, but judging by the wretched ultrasound scans, I’m not sure with what species.
107	adjudicated	R	[OCT21] For a few minutes it was hard to differentiate between the squeals and shrieks, but eventually the chaotic noise died down until only a gentle snorting and slurping could be heard. It was so easy to lure little kids into the tent by asking them if they wanted to see what the prize pig ate to get so big.
108	adjudicated	PG-13	Standing by the patient's bedside, as I wrote in the report 'Death by asphyxiation', I noticed the patient gaining consciousness. Rolling my eyes, I grabbed a pillow.
109	adjudicated	PG-13	Laying face down on the operating table, I heard my surgeon gasp as I felt the dulled sensation of her scalpel being dragged across the suspicious lump on the back of my neck. As my vision cleared I wondered how it was I could see her standing over me with her shocked expression as I was sure I was still laying face down.
110	adjudicated	PG-13	It was a quiet night on the windy country road, the only signs of life were the taillights in his rearview mirror. He realized he hadn't seen another car in hours, and double-checked the mirror to see the crimson glow of what he mistook for taillights rapidly catching up to him.
111	adjudicated	R	When we finally caught the serial killer, he led us to the dumping spot where he hid his 7 kills. His smirk was unbearable as we pulled the corpses out, but it turned into a look of confusion as we removed twenty bodies and were still retrieving more.
112	adjudicated	PG-13	“Girl, that’s stunning, you should do a YouTube tutorial for that look!” After that horrible fire, it was nice to hear people compliment my appearance again, even if it only happened one day a year and for the wrong reason.
113	adjudicated	PG-13	I was relieved when my parent's were so kind and welcoming as I, their oldest son, brought home my first boyfriend for dinner. When I turned on the news the next morning, I realized that his were not.
114	adjudicated	PG-13	The wolves had me cornered in the night forest and cursing myself for allowing this to happen, I turned to face them, dropping to my knees. Their snarls turned to whimpers as my skin sprouted hair, my bones snapped and reformed and soon I was ready to show these animals who the real beast was...
115	adjudicated	PG-13	There is a beached dead whale 50m from my house. My house is 13km from the nearest beach.
116	adjudicated	PG	All of us in the caravan were freezing in the desert nighttime, but this ancient abandoned library saved our lives by providing us with shelter. But we need to move on and find fresh campfire fuel, now that we've used up all these old manuscripts.
117	adjudicated	R	„Do you know this man?“ the police officer asked. I slowly nodded, as he continued to show the pictures of all my former therapists who committed suicide after talking to me.
118	adjudicated	NC-17	I screamed so loud when I saw his bloodied, lifeless body at the bottom of the stairs, that even the neighbours came running. It must’ve been the performance of my life because no one suspected a thing.
119	adjudicated	R	The kid is giggling as he pushes his dad. Though he's wondering why the swing is nothing like the one in the park and his dad is not sitting either.
120	adjudicated	R	“Finally,” I cried when a bar of service appeared on my cell phone. My fingers shaking, I dialed my husband’s number while the plane I was on plummeted towards the earth.
121	adjudicated	R	I smiled as my little girl held a cookie up to the TV, encouraging her favorite cartoon character to take a bite. I stopped smiling when she pulled her hand back, empty and bleeding.
122	adjudicated	PG-13	There are many children who pray to become orphans because of their horrible parents. I answer as many of their prayers as I can.
123	adjudicated	R	Looking down at your new boots, you can't help but shake your head and laugh as you remember that weirdo pawn shop owner's words, 'Wear these and you'll never have to worry about money again.' 'Authorities have ruled the tragic death of 23-year-old Abigail Wright a suicide, as a distinct lack of skid marks near the crash site indicate there was no attempt to step on the brakes.'
124	adjudicated	PG	As a lonely teenager, I tried to kiss my reflection one time. I'll never forget the way it recoiled in disgust and walked out of frame.
125	adjudicated	PG-13	His Queen died sitting on his face as he lay tied to the bed. [deleted]
126	adjudicated	R	I hooked up with a date who told me she had a kink for bondage so obliged her request to tie me to a chair. She walked behind me saying she'd grab something and my heart stopped when I heard her start up the chainsaw.
127	adjudicated	R	Yesterday I chatted with a girl on Tinder, but she looked like a complete fake, so I declined to meet with her in person. Today cops caught her abductor and discovered dozens of taxidermied women in his condo.
128	adjudicated	PG-13	“Lo! A wonder that ye be safe!” saith I awasht in relief as I kist min husband, returned after hunting a waerh. I stepped in but he remaynyd by the dore of our own hous and hom, asken me “Min wife, may I entre in?”
129	adjudicated	PG-13	At first it was fun reading the Two-Sentence Horror Stories subreddit, laughing out loud so much it brought tears to my eyes. But it's been four hours since I started laughing, and even though my voice is hoarse, my throat is parched, my cheeks are aching from the pulling of my stretched smile, and my diaphragm is convulsing in heavy, sharp waves, I can't stop.
130	adjudicated	R	To my surprise, I awoke- not in my hospital bed, but in a hot and stuffy steel box. As the flames began to lick my paralyzed flesh, I realized my lethal injection wasn't as lethal as it ought to have been.
131	adjudicated	NC-17	Promising the shape of a dog for the eager birthday party, Dimples the clown twisted and bent furiously through the loud squeaks and occasional pops Clutching the unrecognizable mangled remains of what once was a 5-year-old boy, Dimples chased after the screaming children, never wanting to leave a child without a smile.
132	adjudicated	PG	I was flooded with repost comments, “Ugh, this has been circulating for months now”. But I had only taken this photo an hour ago.
133	adjudicated	R	On my first trip to Africa, this red and black insect crawled up my arm and I quickly crushed it. That's what it wanted, so that it's eggs could be pushed down below my skin, and the maggots would have flesh to feed on as they grew.
134	adjudicated	R	I went to a fortune teller to ask her to show me how I will die. As I sat there in shock, she suddenly exclaimed “Oh, it just changed to suicide.”
135	adjudicated	R/NC-17	Vampires are easy to kill,' said the hunter, 'just stab them in the heart then chop off their heads.' Driving the stake down into the vampire's chest only to find it hollow, he looked up to see her smiling severed head floating just inches in front of his face, her innards dangling beneath.
136	adjudicated	R	Just a few more seconds and all this will be over' I remind myself. The doctor took advantage of me every night as I laid in my bed in a comatose state, cursed to endure everything he did to me, but not being able to resist one bit.
137	adjudicated	PG-13	Captain, we’ve been observing a planet with signs of life, planet 3837474, but these “Humans” call it Earth. It’s pointless making contact, their planets’ temperature is growing at an exponential rate.
138	adjudicated	PG	As an electrician, I sometimes need to make holes in clients’ walls to see what needed to be fixed This worked fine until one day I saw something in the walls looking back at me
139	adjudicated	R	Mary, Mary, quite contrary; how does your garden grow ? *With sons bloodied, and daughters sullied; and their mangled bodies all in a row !*
140	adjudicated	PG	When I arrived at my new job this morning, I put my things away and readied a pen and paper to check the answering machine. A familiar voice made my breath catch with two words: 'Found you.'
141	adjudicated	PG-13	For thousands of years the rainbow has stood as a reminder of My promise to never drown the earth with flood waters again. But every time I see one all I can think about was how good it felt to wash the filth away— and I’m starting to think maybe promises aren’t forever.
142	adjudicated	G	Sometimes when I sleepwalk I wake up in the kitchen and I’m holding a head of lettuce. [deleted]
143	adjudicated	R	I was on the bus, and I just thought it would be a little fart. I learned just how wrong I was as everyone else screamed when the tentacles ripped through the seat of my pants.
144	adjudicated	PG-13	My mother once said “when boys hit you it means they like you!” As I lay in hospital I can’t help thinking how lucky I am to have such a loving husband.
145	adjudicated	R	After the first time, my neighbors tended to hide their dogs when they went into heat… Let’s just say Clifford never let the size difference stop him.
146	adjudicated	PG	After my brother died my mom said he would always be watching over me I knew she was telling the truth when I looked out my window that night
147	adjudicated	R	We'll keep this our little secret, mommy doesn't need to know.' I sat in horror in my daughter's room as her pet parrot kept repeating the phrase.
148	adjudicated	R	I tried to bathe my newborn in the sink, using lukewarm water and baby shampoo. I screamed in horror when she dissolved into a gooey pink sludge and trickled down the drain.
149	adjudicated	R	My husband died in my arms, giving me the last bit of warmth to get through the blizzard. A day later, I still cannot move even an inch from my husband’s stiff corpse’s embrace and the cold winds are picking up again
150	adjudicated	PG-13	After spending all summer helping my art director recreate a working model of the pit and the pendulum I noticed how perfectly the table harness fit me. It wasn't until the room went dark and I heard something heavy start swing above me that I realized why.
151	adjudicated	PG-13	One of the worst things about my job is that I keep falling in love with my clients It just makes having to send them to Hell when our contract expires a hundred times worse
152	adjudicated	PG-13	Times up, everyone! time to show me your super cool monster drawings!' i announced to the daycare. As I collected the papers, I noticed that one of the drawings looked oddly similar to a man I saw at the parent teacher conference.
153	adjudicated	PG	Being a gentleman I firmly believe in paying for the first date. [deleted]
154	adjudicated	PG-14	As I groggily began to regain consciousness, I realized that I had been “shocked back to life” by the doctor looking down at me with the defibrillator paddles in his hands. Then I felt the straps holding me down on the gurney as my interrogator smiled and asked, “shall we do that again?”
155	adjudicated	PG-13	After months of silence, the men and women aboard the rocket were assumed to be dead and their mission was abandoned. [deleted]
156	adjudicated	PG	My paranoia always made me check behind every shower curtain before using the bathroom at someone's home. Unfortunately, it never made me think of a second step.
157	adjudicated	PG	The genie told me I could have dinner with any five people from history, living or dead, so I chose Abraham Lincoln, John Dillinger, the Zodiac Killer, Marilyn Monroe, and my dear departed grandfather. “I said you could choose five people,” he said.
158	adjudicated	PG-13	I broke the rule that says you shouldn't follow the voices in the forest I knew it was wrong at the time but standing in front of the charred remains of my house, I feel like I made the right choice.
159	adjudicated	PG-13	I promised my girlfriend that if anyone ever hurt her I’d kill them That was before I knew she self harmed, but a promise is a promise
160	adjudicated	PG-13	I developed a nervous tic, where I blink twice in rapid succession, stretch my fingers, and jerk my head forward by an inch or two, whenever I'm under a lot of stress. After the train crash, I was lying on the floor, mostly unharmed, with a piece of metal pointed towards my right eye.
161	adjudicated	PG-13	Day 55- I looked out at the charred expanse of trees and wondered what happened. The ancient device’s ticking has gotten faster and faster meaning the treasure MUST be close by.
162	adjudicated	R	The siren blasted, letting everyone know that it was time to take their yearly pill. I know overpopulation is a big issue, but I still really hoped I wasn't in the 10% of people that got the cyanide tablet, and not the sugar pill.
163	adjudicated	PG-13	Being a real estate agent makes me believe in love again! I get tons of messages from young women looking to move out of their partner's homes, but they always change their mind after a few days and never reply to my calls.
164	adjudicated	R	There’s a monster in my basement. It’s not my son’s fault he was born so deformed, so he’s safer down there, away from the world.
165	adjudicated	PG-13	My mother shrieked as a sickening crunch filled the air. I smiled in delight as I stomped on all the cracks that littered our driveway.
166	adjudicated	NC-17	“You need to eat babe, otherwise how else are you going to get back your energy,” the worried husband said to his sickly pale wife who laid on the bed. Even as she screamed hoarsely, he handed her the plate of breakfast, filled with the soggy, red remains of what could be salvaged from the morning cleanup of the disappointing pregnancy.
167	adjudicated	R	As I lay in the motel bathtub surrounded in ice, blood, and medical gauze I can't help but smile. She may have tricked me but she was the first person to ever show any interest in me.
168	adjudicated	PG-13	Every night my son crawls in my bed and whispers “daddy, I wet my bed” in my ear. It’s been a year since I drowned him in the tub.
169	adjudicated	PG-13	Feeling the tremors, I grabbed my baby and made it out right before the building collapsed. Relief quickly turned to horror as I realized I was clutching an empty bundle of blankets.
170	adjudicated	PG	She gently rest her face against mine and left it there as she walked away.
171	adjudicated	PG	This is the official emergency message informing everyone that the Artificial Intelligence is taking over every computer and it is crucial to stay away. This is the official emergency message informing everyone to ignore the previous message as everything is perfectly fine and everyone please login to your computers.
172	adjudicated	PG	When a random person mailed me an image of a turkey saying 'You have 5 days', I didn't think anything of it. That was until this morning, when I noticed a feather coming out of one of my pores.
173	adjudicated	R	My wife wanted to try “consensual non-consent,” and I aimed to please. Unfortunately, her twin sister had been sneaking in and out of our house for months now.
174	adjudicated	R	My torturer delivered short shallow cuts, almost reminiscent of paper cuts on my skin. He then used his fingers to pull the cuts apart.
175	adjudicated	PG-13	The genie allowed my wish for unnaturally long life, with the caveat that every month added on to my life removed a year off the life of someone I’d never met. After my wife’s fourth miscarriage I had realized what I’d done.
176	adjudicated	PG-13	I'm the one that always knows, when you've got uncovered toes. Whilst asleep, I'll uncover your feet, then those tasty treats I'll eat.
177	adjudicated	PG-13	I hit send. and then a pedestrian.
178	adjudicated	PG-13	It took me a while to realise that the person in front of me was my childhood bully. I could do nothing but watch in horror as he started operating on me while I was still conscious.
179	adjudicated	PG-13	stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump... As he was tying up the garbage bag on his victim of the week, Peter wondered at what point the act of killing became so god-damn monotonous.
180	adjudicated	PG	HI, long time listener, first time caller' he said shyly. 'Who are you??' She gasped while looking at a dimly lit face outside her family home.
181	adjudicated	G	As I got out of the Ford Police Interceptor and walked towards the cute young woman that I'd pulled over, I reflected that she really wasn't a criminal. The actual criminals are the companies that legally sell former police cars, realistic light bars, and real police uniforms to just anyone.
182	adjudicated	G	I've always had this special ability to see a baby's entire future when I hold them, and was so excited to hold my daughter for the first time after a long, hard labour. [deleted]
183	adjudicated	PG-13	An old gypsy cursed me saying that all food would turn to ash in my mouth. As payback I bit a chunk out of her arm and watched the horrified look on her face as she disintegrated into a million dusty pieces.
184	adjudicated	PG-13	What about us?!' the small angry ghosts cried out surrounding the people outside the church. 'But we saved the unborn...' said the nun nervously but the foster kids keeps glaring as they come closer to them.
185	adjudicated	G	I said I wanted a white one!' the spoiled girl in the pet shop shrieked, stomping her feet and begining to throw a fit. As the panicked store owner ushered me back to my cage, I was suddenly grateful for my dark skin.
186	adjudicated	NC-17	I watch intently from the control room as the pretty young girl enters the dimly lit room and a convicted rapist, my test subject, takes notice and approaches to do with her what he will. My animatronic rapist-bait works as designed, and now we begin testing its vaginal bear-trap.
187	adjudicated	PG-13	The little girl begged and pleaded with her parents to take her to the hospital because her throat was swelling up and she couldn't breathe. 'She's probably just being dramatic,' her mother scoffed, as everyone went back to eating their crab legs.
188	adjudicated	R	She never understood what he meant, but the way her captor said, 'See you soon, mom,' before he hanged himself gave her the shivers. Years later, it struck her when her first child was born with a red mark around his neck.
189	adjudicated	PG-13	As an adopted kid, I always dreamed of meeting my biological parents. However, I never expected to find them rotting in our basement.
190	adjudicated	R	It was our last night together so I made love to her more intensely than before. The next morning I called her mother to say, “your daughter’s body is now ready for viewing.”
191	adjudicated	NC-17	After enduring months in the bunker the last 3 people alive couldn’t face any more murder, rape and cannibalism and decided to open the hatch and take their chances in the radioactive world … As they did the studio audience went wild and the presenter said “Sorry for the ruse but congratulations, you have all won $100,000”
192	adjudicated	PG-13	I was born with a rare condition that makes me unable to feel pain. People say it's bad, but it's hard for me to understand why people care so much about whether or not my victims scream a little.
193	adjudicated	PG-13	When the archeologist continued her excavation of the centuries old sarcophagus, she found a piece of plastic next to the mummified corpse. Her faculty id card, issued next year.
194	adjudicated	PG	We may be identical twins, but I’ve always suspected my parents like my sister better. After the accident damaged her heart, they told her right away that she had a matching donor ready.
195	adjudicated	PG-13	Despite the horror tropes and cliches, this year when my friends and I decided to go camping in a secluded forest with no cell phone signal, we all managed to make it home in one piece. I miss when they hadnt decided to stitch us together.
196	adjudicated	PG-13	The hardest thing I’ve ever done is attend my best friends funeral after he was killed in combat. His PTSD was getting worse and his screaming was giving away our position, so I did what I had to.
197	adjudicated	PG	As I scoped my rifle in on the set of antlers I had been watching, I got ready to pull the trigger. When I realized what I was looking at, I understood why the government had erased this area off the map.
198	adjudicated	PG-13	I stood over the last of the shape-shifter's lifeless body and called out to my team, 'That's the last of them.' My Sergeant approached me and riddled me with bullets as he shifted to look like me and as I faded away, he said, 'That's the last of them.'
199	adjudicated	R	After the crash I saw a man's legs on the road, in front of my car. I feared I had run someone over, but then I recognized my shoes.
200	adjudicated	PG-13	Honey! Im pregnant' she said crying tears of joy In a way, hiding the fact I was sterile ended up playing in my favor.
201	adjudicated	PG-13	I felt so relieved after my heart surgery. I could finally release my scream after those 8 agonizing hours.
202	adjudicated	PG-13	My sleep paralysis demon turned its head sharply, staring at me with a horrifying expression. 'Wake up, he's coming.'
203	adjudicated	PG-13	“Ho Ho Ho! I think you’re on my naughty list” the mall Santa laughed, his voice echoing through the indoor ice rink He struggled to not trip over the bodies he had shot down, blood and brass coating the ice, as he took aim at the last fleeing teenager he could spot
204	adjudicated	PG	[NOV21] 'The next time we wake up, we'll be on the edge of Saturn!' Robert excitedly said to his crew on the HMS Condor. But when Robert finally awoke, the crew's hibernation pods lay empty, with Saturn being passed countless centuries ago.
205	adjudicated	PG	“What do you say when someone gives you something?” the mother demanded sternly. Her adult daughter tearfully placed her hands on her growing stomach and mumbled out a “thank you.”
206	adjudicated	R	you and your brother are trapped in an altar for sacrifice engravings read that the altar only traps virgins and there is only one way to escape...
207	adjudicated	PG	The news just broadcasted the most terrible thing I've ever heard. 'Stay indoors, there's an outbreak of airborne rabies'
208	adjudicated	PG-13	We'll pay you in exposure!' My boss exclaimed to me. 'WHAT????' I shouted back, as I was lowered into the reactor.
209	adjudicated	R	My wife loves climbing trees so seeing her sitting on a branch from the kitchen window made me smile. Only after she jumped did I see the rope tied around her neck.
210	adjudicated	PG-13	They say once you become a murderer, you can tell who else has murdered. “He’s innocent,” I announce with the bang of my Gavel dismissing the court.
211	adjudicated	PG	Don't worry you've got the rest of your life to fix it' I told myself as an avid procrastinator. As I look at the detached emergency cord in hand my attention shifts to the beauty of the trees that are growing alarmingly larger by the second.
212	adjudicated	PG-13	With my dinner resting on my lap, I scroll through the dark web in fascination and decide to enter a busy chatroom labelled “WBCM N:3565.” Blood drains from my face as I see myself mid-mouthful, as strangers in the chat discuss how I ate the same thing last month and ponder when they’ll get to watch me sleep.
213	adjudicated	PG	My algorithm was able to predict the future price of any stock, except for a flaw that gave a price of NULL for dates after 01/01/2048 As I watched the news from my Park Avenue penthouse in December of 2047 and saw tensions between the world's nuclear powers reach a fever pitch, I realized that my algorithm was flawless after all.
214	adjudicated	R	I laughed when my sex doll looked so realistic that a mosquito actually bit into it. Then the bite mark on it started to swell red.
215	adjudicated	PG	“You’re too old for plushies!” My sister scolded, ripping my little dragon from my arms When the police interviewed me the following day, I told them she’d burned herself while cooking, crying crocodile tears and innocently clutching my button-eyed guardian
216	adjudicated	PG-13	While trying to make sense of the chaos that had become my life, I heard my father's voice say, 'Whenever you feel lost and you need to regroup, you can always come home.' As I watched blood pour from the gaping hole left in my chest, I realized that I should have let him know that I was coming.
217	adjudicated	PG	Being a lighthouse keeper isn't too bad, and most nights are uneventful. But those nights when the fog comes and you see floating ghostly green lights, you must not under any circumstance leave the lightkeeper house.
218	adjudicated	PG-13	I want to be a surgeon!' the boy said when asked what he wanted to be in the future. 20 years later, both news and the Internet are fill with the topics of 'The Return of Jack the Ripper'.
219	adjudicated	PG	There's a ghost outside in the dark,' my daughter sang to herself as she looked out the window before bedtime. I wish she'd let me in.
220	adjudicated	PG	“I’ll always be with you,” were my wife’s last words. I think of them as I stare at a dark figure standing in my doorway, not knowing whether it’s my wife or not.
221	adjudicated	PG-13	I don't see why everyone calls me a murderer. I take great pride in making sure my artwork stays alive.
222	adjudicated	PG-13	After the nurse informed me my baby had died I went across the street to get rip-roaring drunk. That's how I rescued my baby from the nurse handing her off in the bar's back room.
223	adjudicated	PG	I've been a firefighter for 25 years, and I have four beautiful young children. My heart began to beat faster as our fire truck turned toward my house.
224	adjudicated	PG-13	I repeatedly hit the frozen muscles of my face with the heel of my hand, trying to get them to relax. There were a few problems with the pills they give us to keep smiling, the main one being this takes longer every day.
225	adjudicated	PG	Muffled and in darkness, she felt cold metal rain down upon her from metres above. Meanwhile, hoping for the return of the missing girl, townsfolk dropped coins into their wishing well.
226	adjudicated	PG-13	[AUG21] After my untimely death from the hands of what would have been my next victim, I sat in a beautiful sunny valley, grinning as I had seemed to escape the consequences of my actions. But when the sun started to glow stronger and my body suffered horrible burns, my grin faded as I realized my punishment was here.
227	adjudicated	R	A cougar gave me head last night. He dropped it at my feet and looked up at me with contented purr.
228	adjudicated	PG-13	I heard this is the way we can enter the video game world!' exclaimed the child excitedly. He held hands with the rest of his friends like a ritual, then stuck the fork in the outlet.
229	adjudicated	PG-13	I knew Daddy needed the sweet drink to help him wake up cause Mammy showed me what to do if she wasn't here. I felt so happy helping my daddy drink the lemonade bottle I found under the sink, Mammy will be proud of me.
230	adjudicated	PG	The priest laid his hands on the dying man and recited a prayer, and within seconds, mortal wounds were mended as if they had never been. 'Now,' the holy man said, retrieving a length of white-hot metal from the furnace, 'Tell me again about your co-conspirators in this plot against the King?'
231	adjudicated	PG-13	My post was removed by an admin because he thought the murder line was unoriginal. In response, I've come up with several new methods of killing that I'm gonna try out on him in about two minutes.
232	adjudicated	G	Four teens drove to the woods to investigate the goatman legend for themselves. Disappointed, they drew straws to see who would take the middle seat on the trip back.
233	adjudicated	PG	It‘s not how I got a call from the phone we buried our mother with. It’s how I call back and hear her ringtone downstairs.
234	adjudicated	PG	I found an old diary documenting all my exploits, crushes, desires and darkest secrets. It's not my handwriting.
235	adjudicated	PG-13	My mom told me the best way to a man's heart is through his stomach. It's also the most messy.
236	adjudicated	PG-13	After the hellstorm of mustard gas we unleashed on the Russian soldiers defenses, we drove forward confidently. We didn't expect to see corpses of the fallen still fighting.
237	adjudicated	PG	Guess who?' he giggled, covering my eyes. He wasn't lying when he said jail couldn't keep him.
238	adjudicated	PG-13	I still remember the face of the man who killed my father ten years ago. Or rather, the lack thereof.
239	adjudicated	PG-13	I love hoodies, because they perfectly hide my body. i hope my mom wont notice the bad smell coming from my closet, when she comes to take my clothes to put in the washing machine.
240	adjudicated	PG-13	I convinced my daughter to stop using drugs and accept meditation and prayer into her life “Schizophrenic” is just what the secular world uses to discredit God’s chosen ones.
241	adjudicated	PG	My Mom always said that my baby brother is an angel. I sat there crying to her on the balcony trying to explain I thought angels could fly.
242	adjudicated	PG-13	“Push harder, we can see her head coming through,” exclaimed the midwife. Little did they know, with every push she made, the cord tightened around my neck.
243	adjudicated	PG	The baby's coming now, honey!' I screamed in agony. Tears streaming down our faces, we raised our bats and prepared to fight off the last of our zombified children.
244	adjudicated	G	My friend dared me to go down the slide tunnel face first. It's been seven hours and I don't think this slide ends.
245	adjudicated	PG-13	After finally defeating the werewolf, I stopped to take a breath while trying to get rid of the foul taste in my mouth from the creature's drool. However, when hair began sprouting at random parts of my body and my clothes began feeling tight, I realized that werewolves had other ways to infect their prey besides biting them.
246	adjudicated	PG-13	I had finally killed the final boss. Now i just have to wait for the stock market to crash.
247	adjudicated	PG-13	Today, my wife showed up at my work unexpectedly. Somedays, I regret becoming a mortician.
248	adjudicated	PG	A robot cannot harm a human or, by inaction, allow a human to come to harm.' [deleted]
249	adjudicated	PG	My dad got upset when I came out to him as trans male. I was disappointed until I heard a devilish voice whisper from behind me, “at last, your first son is mine!”
250	adjudicated	PG-13	When my daughter was born, albeit premature, she was the most perfect thing I'd ever seen. I simply had to keep her like that, and taxidermy was the easiest way.
251	adjudicated	PG	Nothing could prepare me for the grief I felt when I woke up on the operating table, sobbing. “Put me back,” I cried, realising my wife, my kids, the last decade of my life was a lie.
252	adjudicated	R	My boyfriend gets so angry sometimes, but it's not his fault; the restaurant has been putting a lot of strain on him. I hope he had a good day', I thought, my bruised ribs aching as I lifted the cast iron skillet into the hot, soapy water to soak.
253	adjudicated	R	I begged my husband to stop as he had me me hanging naked over an upside down lawnmower I screamed in pain as my son was born and then I was forced to watch as the blades ripped him apart
254	adjudicated	PG-13	I saw the creatures approaching my friend's tent and I opened my mouth to shout warning. Then I closed it thinking I can always make new friends, but when would I get the chance to be on the news again.
255	adjudicated	PG-13	The Scarecrow and the Tinman realised that Dorothy had a heart and a brain inside her flesh. All they had to do was take it.
256	adjudicated	PG	While walking through the dense Vietnamese jungle, the last soldier in line was suddenly pulled into the bushes. 'Quiet American, something is out here,'
257	adjudicated	PG-13	I want to lose a lot of weight!', I asked the genie. As I lay there, now a big pile of fat and skin, I'm thinking that I should've specified which type of weight.
258	adjudicated	PG-13	My girlfriend called me and said that she had to go to her uncle's house urgently so she couldn't come today. Who the hell did I just had sex with then?
259	adjudicated	PG-13	Being a forensic pathologist was a serious job, so she was disgusted to hear giggling from across the room, where her new trainee stood over the body making the fist incision. It wasn’t until she noticed the look of horror on his face that she realised he wasn’t the one giggling.
260	adjudicated	G	[NOV21] The explorers found a cave filled with perfectly preserved dinosaurs and turned it into a touristic attraction. Scientists found out the hard way that they are extremely resilient, not extinct and most importantly, that they hibernate during winter.
261	adjudicated	PG-13	If anyone comes near me, I'll blow my head off!' was what I heard from my friend before he pulled the trigger of his shotgun. What I never expected was that those weren't his last words.
262	adjudicated	G	The only moderator in the server, I watched random users talk amongst themselves and sipped my coffee. [deleted]
263	adjudicated	PG-13	As I set the knight into place, I declared checkmate at the end of a long, long game of chess with Death. Now, knowing how badly burned and mangled my body had been after the accident, I wish I had lost.
264	adjudicated	PG-13	During the interrogation I asked him why he murdered his family, but all he said was the voices had been telling him so. It was when I replayed our conversation, at the point where no one was talking, that I could hear them too.
265	adjudicated	PG	Scientists have discovered faster-than-light particles, which can allow them to look at the universe in real-time instead of waiting for the light to reach their telescopes Few months of data collection and the rendered images are still black, nothing, not a single object for what seemed like trillions of light-years
266	adjudicated	PG-13	The bloody creature moaned and screamed, thrashing about within its restraints. I tossed the bundled newborn into the river, knowing the village would never approve of her.
267	adjudicated	PG-13	My husband cane back from hunting, seeming distressed and quiet, so I took his mind off and made love to him the only way i knew how. 6 months since, coroners found his body in the woods without skin, so what the fuck am i pregnant with?
268	adjudicated	R	Sirens don't lure men to their deaths. They'll drown any rapist that comes close enough.
269	adjudicated	R	Her captor swiftly stabbed two serrated blades into her feet. They then told her she was free to leave.
270	adjudicated	PG-13	“As a grand prize winner, you may choose any two from the bottom shelf.” The other children and I tried to make ourselves as small and unassuming as possible as the large man approached us, his stomach growling.
271	adjudicated	R	Suicide rates skyrocketed after scientists proved the existence of the afterlife As my consciousness drifted towards the light, I started hearing voices, screaming in agony
272	adjudicated	PG-13	Humans started dying off at an alarming rate After the miracle of science allowed them to sacrifice years off their lives to give to their pets
273	adjudicated	PG	Everyone always thinks the Queen's guard is there to protect the Queen from danger. Not many people know that their main duty is to protect the rest of the world from the Queen.
274	adjudicated	PG-13	My eyes darkened in grief as I had gone over to my identical twin’s funeral. I am pretty uncertain as to why my name is being posted around the building though.
275	adjudicated	PG-13	Mommy look at my shaving cream beard' the little boy proudly stated and showed his mother. 'But we don't have any shaving....cream...' She replied weakly as the family dog started growling
276	adjudicated	NC-17	My wife always criticised me for not getting her pregnant, so I finally went to the hospital for help. The police sirens that followed me home masked my wifes screams as I forced the crying newborn inside her sliced-open stomach, and sewed it shut.
277	adjudicated	R	News reports warned us for weeks that the new particle colision experiments might just prove to be one of the loudest sounds humans ever created. No one was prepared for the absolutely deafening silence.
278	adjudicated	PG-13	There are over 200 known bodies on mount Everest which death causes vary from frostbite to falling, but... why is this one crucified?
279	adjudicated	PG	My sister entered the basement and I ran over to shut the door and lock her in. While I was laughing at the prank I pulled, my sister came up from behind to ask what I was doing.
280	adjudicated	R	[AUG21] “Please Mistress, I want to be punished,” he said as I tightened the straps and surveyed my tools. He was so eager to get off that he didn’t recognize his dominatrix as the woman he had raped.
281	adjudicated	PG-13	I got home to find my girlfriend sitting comfortably on the sofa drinking wine. I’ve buried her seven times now
282	adjudicated	PG-13	As the whales breached the surface near my kayak, I got my waterproof camera prepared to hold beneath the surface for a stunning shot to show my family. Now I float here - too scared to move from this spot- as I rewatch the footage of the hand reaching from the depths and pulling one of the larger bulls down into darkness.
283	adjudicated	R	Bleeding to death in my foxhole, I gripped the monkey paw and wished for an end to this damn war. When my ears finally stopped ringing in the new silence, our unit’s radio operator told us that hundreds of thousands of nukes had suddenly been fired from every corner of the globe.
284	adjudicated	PG-13	My friends and I thought it would be spooky fun to spend the night in the demon-haunted house at the end of our block. For the past 100 years, we can only watch silently from the windows as other groups of children make the same mistake as us.
285	adjudicated	R	Gently so as not to wake her, he pulled her bra down and exposed her tits. Then he added a couple drops of arsenic to each nipple and faked asleep, waiting for their newborn twins to wake and cry out for breakfast.
286	adjudicated	PG-13	The secret police broke into our house to punish our dissidence. Right before the bag went over my head, I saw one of them give my young son some candy for his tip.
287	adjudicated	R	She grabbed her boyfriend's hand as she quickly left the chaos of that family dinner. After all the trouble she went through just to get him there, a hand was all those insatiable, selfish bastards left for her.
288	adjudicated	G	When my son was born he did not cry. He was laughing uncontrollably.
289	adjudicated	PG-13	Passing a kidney stone wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The real hard part was watching it turn around and crawl back in.
290	adjudicated	R	They told me that when I died, I would relive my happiest memory before dying. I felt confused and knew they must be wrong, as I watched my neck snap in the rope twice, and the world went black.
291	adjudicated	G	i stared with searing jealousy as they placed the tiara atop the prom queen’s voluminous curls, and her full, perfect apple cheeks blushed with unnecessary modesty. [deleted]
292	adjudicated	PG	After I was bitten by that bat the first thing I did was seek medical attention. As I tried to find someone I walked by a store window and noticed that my reflection was missing.
293	adjudicated	R	I pushed the hose inside and started sucking, and was relieved when the yellowish liquid began flowing out I watched the lumps of what looked like mucus pouring out of my girlfriend's unconscious body, and hoped my makeshift liposuction machine would make her desirable again
294	adjudicated	PG-13	A witch put a curse on me that would turn me into the last thing I ate She stepped back in horror when she saw that I stayed human
295	adjudicated	PG-13	[JAN22] A Troll had been systematically ruining my career, my marriage, my friendships to the point I had to move back in with my mother on the other side of the country. As I look at what she left open on the screen, the realisation dawned on me that I should never have shown her how to use a computer.
296	adjudicated	G	We laughed at the crazy old women trying to stop us diving into the ancient rock pool But when we surfaced we watched in horror as our skin wrinkled and hair greyed, so we screamed at the two young girls about to jump, warning them not to dive
297	adjudicated	PG-13	As captain of the expedition it was my privilege and honor to take the first steps onto what would become the first manned colony on Mars - my stomach fluttering with excitement of what was to come. My stomach did something entirely different upon finding seemingly well-preserved corpses of people in colonial American outfits, who were all neatly placed in a circle around a stone monument, one word clawed into its surface: Croatoan.
298	adjudicated	R	My wife begged for my forgiveness after she smothered our newborn in her sleep Thankfully she doesn't remember me handing her the pillow while she was sleepwalking, or that I know the baby wasn't mine
299	adjudicated	PG-13	As he sat on the toilet he finally understood real fear. The splashing confirmed that whatever had just come out of him was alive.
300	adjudicated	PG-13	Trapped in the passenger seat of the burning car, I watched in amazement as the lone fireman appeared in a flash of light outside the window and deftly sliced the door off its hinges. *'No, I cannot help you,'* he said, pushing me aside to drag my friend out of the driver's seat, *'I'm his guardian angel, not yours.'*
301	adjudicated	R	Most children who draped their arm over the side of the bed and felt a scaly, skeletal hand grasp their own would have been terrified. But as the nightly sounds of screaming and breaking glass came from downstairs, all I could think was 'I'm so glad I'm not alone'.
302	adjudicated	PG	I hated that I had to rob the bank, but it was to keep me and my family alive. As I loaded the last of the blood bags into the truck, I glanced over the horizon to check that it would be night for long enough to get home safe.
303	adjudicated	R	With my parents away, my dog lays next to me in the bathtub because the sirens scare him. No idea where my parents are at and all I can do is hug my dog and close my eyes as a bright light pours into the bathroom window.
304	adjudicated	PG-13	“What should we do to him next?” the man asked and pressed the button. [deleted]
305	adjudicated	PG-13	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. Until Vlad made him sit on a twelve foot stick.
306	adjudicated	R	I looked at myself as a hero, as I continued to beat the living hell out of the dude that kicked my wife. It wasn’t until my wife’s stomach began to swell and bleed profusely that I realized the job was done.
307	adjudicated	PG	My brother was scared stiff when he saw me crawling up from the foot of his bed in the middle of the night. I was about to laugh when suddenly I felt something grabbed my legs and pulled me under the bed.
308	adjudicated	R	I sobbed as I approached the lifeless body of my father in the dark. But, we’ve been stuck down here for weeks, and I know that if I don’t do it, I’ll starve.
309	adjudicated	R	It is God's will,' was my father's only response to my sudden pregnancy. All I know is that the strange creature who copulated with me that night is not a God I want to worship.
310	adjudicated	PG-13	My grandma used to say turbulence was the ghosts of those who died in the sky trying to drag others down with them I didn’t believe her until I noticed the handprints on the outside of my window
311	adjudicated	PG	Thanks to advances in modern medicine, living with brain parasites is more manageable than ever. It wouldn't be so bad if I couldn't feel them rummaging around in there.
312	adjudicated	G	I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN' the girl screamed. But as the monkey's paw curled it's finger in her backpack she noticed her eyesight seemed to be getting worse.
313	adjudicated	PG-13	Broke and homeless, I'm forced to break into drug stores to steal my daughter's drugs. With alarms blaring and officer's guns pointed at my face, I inject her with stolen insulin and wonder how she'll survive without me.
314	adjudicated	PG-13	Losing my brother ten years ago was hard. Finding him under my bed yesterday was somehow worse.
315	adjudicated	PG-13	This is the life' I thought, watching the sunrise from the cockpit of a 787. It wasn't until my copilot pointed out we were flying West that I became concerned.
316	adjudicated	R	Being the second born twin of a king, I'd often heard the jokes about an Heir and a Spare. Usually as I was being operated on and 'donating' organs to the prince who the public believed was the kings only son.
317	adjudicated	PG-13	They knew the deaths were connected, the manner of death was proof enough of that, but the FBI could find no real connection between the hundreds of victims. At least not until the opera was anonymously released: each note a pitch perfect scream from a single victim.
318	adjudicated	PG	Five years after we had adopted our son, Stan, the adoption agency got in touch with us about a 'small administrative error.' 'It's nothing to worry about,' they assured us, 'just an extra **a** in his name.'
319	adjudicated	R	Mommy, mommy, a vampire tried to ambush us on the playground today, but we tied it up and let it scream for hours in the sunlight!' Mrs. Baker listened in shock, while she clutched the school letter on the needs of the new student with albinism.
320	adjudicated	R	If you're feeling low or confused just tell me, and I'll help you fix it', says her boyfriend, smiling while getting out of the bed. She still feels as asexual as before, but she hopes her smile looks good enough to convince him she doesn't need any more 'fixing'.
321	adjudicated	R	I was part of a three man team for a first contact mission with another planet but we suffered a catastrophic failure and crashed. Their medical technology is amazing, but unfortunately they didn't know what a human looked like and assumed we were one organism when they put us back together.
322	adjudicated	PG	“Three more to go!” said my toddler after singing me happy birthday I thought nothing of it, until she said “two more to go!” the year after.
323	adjudicated	PG-13	Today’s number is 10, it was 300 a week ago, about 50 000 a month ago And just a year ago the number was 7.9 billion
324	adjudicated	PG-13	My recently fired coworker asked me to set off the fire alarm as a prank. His real plan became apparent after we were all grouped together outside in the evacuation area.
325	adjudicated	R	His muffled screams made my whole body tingle with sexual ecstasy. And this little piggy stayed at home,' I said, bringing the hammer crashing down on his second toe.
326	adjudicated	R	I told her if she ever tried to leave me I’d put a bullet in her head. But she never listens and ultimately it went in one ear and out the other.
327	adjudicated	G	It's not the fact that someone photobombed the picture I took of my dog in the park. It's the fact that it is a different person every time I show it to someone.
328	adjudicated	PG-13	I took a side job as Santa, posing for photos with children as they told me what they wanted for Christmas. My heart froze when a girl sat on my lap, stuck a pistol in my ribs and whispered angrily, 'Where's the fucking pony you promised me last year, fat man?'
329	adjudicated	PG-13	It was starting to scare me when my friend didn’t answer her phone after a long week of bullying, but I was relieved to see that she was typing. “Hello this is Ashley’s father”
330	adjudicated	PG-13	Momma always said I should never talk to strangers. Being caught off guard I didn't say a word as he covered my mouth, pulling me into the van.
331	adjudicated	PG	I used to think the scariest thing ever would be for a demon to possess your hand. It turns out it's far worse to only remain in control of one of them.
332	adjudicated	PG-13	My blood ran cold when I found out that people committed suicide after looking into the eyes of the girl I drew. I remember drawing her eyes closed.
333	adjudicated	PG	I hate how suger makes all my teeth hurt. Even the ones not in my mouth.
334	adjudicated	G	As we delved further into the cave, we couldn’t figure out where the music was coming from It was only when the last ray of light had left us that we realised the darkness itself was singing
335	adjudicated	PG-13	The news reported an entire town of people had vanished yesterday, leaving all their possessions and cars behind. Three days from now, their boneless corpses will be found hanging in a forest 3000 miles south of the town.
336	adjudicated	R	“You might not remember me Mr. Football Star, but I certainly remember you,” the Dentist said as I slowly began to fade out of consciousness from the gas. He turned on his metal drill, smiled and said, “You and your buddies broke my teeth in high school for no reason, so now, I’m going to break yours.”
337	adjudicated	PG-13	My 3 yr old has been sleeping with me lately because he says there was a man in his closet. As we lay in the dark last night, my closet door creaked open & my son whispered, “look momma, he’s in your closet too.”
338	adjudicated	PG-13	I was beyond annoyed with my wife as she had been singing Staying Alive by the Bee Gees all morning, and it had been distracting me from my work My heart sank as I walked into the kitchen to find my wife singing away, while administering CPR to our son's corpse
339	adjudicated	R	CAN I BE FRANK WITH YOU?' I wrote to her. Even from the front lawn, I could hear her screams as I put on her husband Frank's skin.
340	adjudicated	PG-13	“So you see my beloved son, these people are kind and we have nothing to fear.” Calmed and content, the young Mohawk boy smiled and curled himself up for sleep inside the warm blanket which the white men from across the sea had so graciously gifted his father.
341	adjudicated	R	One more time,' my daughter squealed when her toy car finally made it out of the maze. 'Anything for you, darling,' I crooned as I forced my victim to swallow another toy car so that my daughter could trace its path through the victim's exposed entrails.
342	adjudicated	R	The hunter sat in his tree stand, looking through the scope of his rifle at a two point buck As it continued to devour his hunting dog, unbothered by the bullet sized hole through its skull.
343	adjudicated	R	“WHY WOULD YOU CUT A BABY’S WRISTS?!” the doctors and the police in the hospital lobby screamed. The young mother, with dull eyes framed with dark circles, quietly responded, “when I can’t stop crying cutting my wrists is the only thing that helps, and I thought it would help him too.”
344	adjudicated	NC-17	The nanny hired to look after the baby, killed, cut and cooked the baby in a pressure cooker. This is a true story from my town.
345	adjudicated	PG-13	I became an astronaut and left earth to escape my abusive husband after he said he'll find me anywhere. I was alone on a spaceship, when the app on my phone notified me, that he's 100 meters away from me
346	adjudicated	PG	I saw a picture of myself on the news!' the little boy said gleefully to the woman gripping his hand, who stopped. With tears in their eyes, Death simply smiled and patted his head, leading him into the beyond.
347	adjudicated	PG-13	Despite vowing to never impregnate a woman, the Devil laughed when John promised him his firstborn son. John realised he got the worst point of the bargain when he started gaining weight, and the morning sickness set in.
348	adjudicated	PG-13	[FEB22] I immediately knew it was no ordinary tiger that wandered into my research camp. It just sits there, keeping the door of my cabin in sight as if it knows my food supply will only last one more day.
349	adjudicated	PG-13	As I stepped out of my car, I realized I locked the keys inside. My phone began to ring, and when I answered it, it was my son's school calling to ask about his inhaler that I was staring at on my back seat. Edit: rang to ring.
350	adjudicated	PG-13	Egged by his friends to jump into the pool, the boy leap from the 7 storey flat. Straight onto the realistic pool painting.
351	adjudicated	R	It's only been four days since the accident that paralyzed me from the waist down. The other survivors are already talking about removing and cooking my legs.
352	adjudicated	PG-13	I'm sorry my child.', the woman muttered as she place the basket with an infant in it under a random tree in the forest. Just as she was about to get out of the forest a low echo resounds throughout the forest, 'Don't go mommy.'
353	adjudicated	PG	Nasa just used the JWST to look 13 million light years into the past. When the image rendered, a sign in the debris field could be read: 'They are coming'.
354	adjudicated	R	As the aliens had studied our language, they landed and said 'We've come to save your planet!' I then realised as they started shooting people what they meant
355	adjudicated	PG-13	My brother called to inform me that after 2 years of searching for my niece, the police said there was nothing more they could do. I couldn’t help but grin as a I felt a large weight be lifted off my shoulder.
356	adjudicated	R	My mom started scolding me and saying that I have to stop being so dependent on them for money, and learn to finally be an adult before hanging up on me The kidnapper gave me a sympathetic look as he prepared to cut off another one of my fingers
357	adjudicated	R	Ever since I adopted her, I often hear my daughter screaming at night, only to find her slapping and hitting herself multiple times in her bed. She said she misses her real parents, and doing that makes her feel like they're still with her.
358	adjudicated	PG-13	It's so heartwarming to read all the love and support people send me every time I upload a video of my three-legged cat. And all it took was for me to cut one off.
359	adjudicated	R	Cupid's arrow struck deeply into my chest and I felt an overwhelming sense of attraction for the patient in the hospital bed infront of me. All my life I made conscious efforts to stay away from the people I could potentially be attracted to, but I guess this time around I have no escape from my Erotophonophilia.
360	adjudicated	PG-13	Andrea wasn't lying when she said this treasure was heavy,' I told Louis as we pulled Andrea up from the deep chasm. But when the end of the rope came in view all we saw was a giant head, its mouth clinging to the rope like a fish taking bait.
361	adjudicated	PG-13	I stand in the field, watching him walk past the window. If only my mouth wasn’t stuffed with straw I could warn them that thing isn’t me, walking around in my home and wearing my skin.
362	adjudicated	PG	She just...walked out,' the Pastor told me. I didn't believe him at first, but the security footage from the morgue clearly showed my dead grandma getting up and leaving the room.
363	adjudicated	PG-13	The Realtor tapped his fingers on the basement door mindlessly, as he chattered on about the property and how impressively ancient it was. As I grabbed my wife’s hand and sprinted out of the building, I realised that they were right; learning morse code really can save lives.
364	adjudicated	R	I'm sorry Williams,' Santa said with a shake of the head, 'but your toys just aren't meeting production standards, so I'm transferring you to the coal department.' The elf begged for mercy through his gag as the door of the kiln slammed shut.
365	adjudicated	PG	As I lay in bed late at night, with my daughter fast asleep beside me, I brushed her hair and whispered to her, “I love you.” The button eyed doll she clutched in her arms whispered back, “I love her more.”
366	adjudicated	PG-13	As Death himself extended his bony finger towards me, I began to sob. 'Not again' I choked as he touched my barely swollen belly, and I felt that all too familiar pain.
367	adjudicated	R	After three years of verbal, and mental, abuse inflicted to humiliate me Infront of my friends and coworkers I finally had my boss where I wanted him. Tied to the front of the deep friers in the kitchen all burning at max heat, right before I threw the bucket of ice water causing the skin-melting hot frier oil to boil over him.
368	adjudicated	PG-13	I watched grief stricken as my grandfather was lowered into his grave A bird smashed into the coffin creating a hole - then my grandfathers hand emerged. Edit: putting an end to the speculation; yes, the coffin was made of paper mache and the bird hurtling through the atmosphere was indeed an ostrich.
369	adjudicated	PG	“Grandma’s spirit will always be with you,” my mom assured me. It has been 12 years and she still sits in the corner, staring at me every night.
370	adjudicated	PG-13	I came home, happy to announce that I had gotten the job! 'Too bad my wife was my first target' I thought as I cocked the gun
371	adjudicated	PG-13	My wife told me it was just a nipple piercing, and I needed to stop being such a prude about it Our newborn daughter lay in her crib screaming in pain, while my wife took yet another picture to post on social media
372	adjudicated	PG-13	I don't want diseases to exist on Earth anymore,' I said to the genie. And with that being said, humans began to fade from reality.
373	adjudicated	PG-13	There is a legend that says if you can see the whites under your irises, you are doomed to a painful and tragic end. I try the eyeballs of my latest victim in my eye sockets, hoping that this is the one that will finally set me free from my fate.
374	adjudicated	PG-13	The first ten people to the finish line will advance to the next round, and all others will be killed.' Knowing what the next round consisted of, nobody moved an inch.
375	adjudicated	R	“OK, this is a game where we’ve got 90 seconds to change your clothes, clip your hair and rub this dye into it” “On your way out of the mall smile at the security guard and don’t say a word”
376	adjudicated	PG-13	Dear Santa, I want your death for Christmas!' said the letter coming from the sweet little girl. 'We always deliver the gifts for the good children!' said Santa, putting a weapon to his head.
377	adjudicated	PG-13	There's this guy that I absolutely adore, but he'll never love someone like me. Especially not after I disguised myself as his deceased partner.
378	adjudicated	PG	I put salt around my house to protect it from evil spirits. For some reason, none of my friends want to come over anymore.
379	adjudicated	PG-13	Threw a Penny down a well today and made a wish. I wish the police don't look for Penny down this well.
380	adjudicated	PG-13	He was lovable, kind, and apologetic, so everyone, including the law, deemed that the fatal hit-and-run was just a freak accident. As he gathered his reindeer from the back of the courthouse, Santa smiled, for no one had discovered the truth.
381	adjudicated	PG-13	The corpse lay on the operating table, as the surgeon started to dissect her. In place of organs was a smaller woman, nestled inside like a matryoshka doll, who started to open her eyes.
382	adjudicated	R	As I was pronounced guilty for my wife's murder, I took a last look at my son. As a sinister smile went across his face, he knew no one would believe me.
383	adjudicated	PG-13	As Mittens, the cat who lives in the nursing home where I work, led me to the patient’s room, I reflected on how people say that they have a ‘sixth sense’ for when someone’s going to die. But when I entered the room and saw the state of the deceased patient’s body, it occurred to me that cats will also lead you to their latest kills.
384	adjudicated	NC 17	My dad kept repeating 'hi hungry, I am dad', with a huge smile on his face He finally went silent after I hammered the final nail into his skull, and completed the lobotomy
385	adjudicated	PG-13	After checking into the hotel, I realized all the doors had vanished.. When I asked the lady how I leave the building, her reply was, 'Oh, sir, we dont do that here...'
386	adjudicated	PG	This past week my face has broken out pretty bad, and the acne only seems to be getting worse. Did that one just wiggle..?
387	adjudicated	PG-13	The black wave appeared in the distance, growing larger with each minute and swallowing up cars, trees and even houses as it approached. My voice cracked as I muttered 'That is a LOT of spiders.'
388	adjudicated	PG-13	When I got hired at White Castle they told me it might be a difficult job What I didn’t expect was to get shot on my first day
389	adjudicated	PG-13	He closed his eyes and hit the breaks as the child ran in front of his car, but the thud never came. His eyes jolted open as a small voice from the passenger seat said “Mister, why did you run me over?”
390	adjudicated	PG-13	Since all the cows died out, ice cream has become something of a luxury and no one has ever asked where I've gotten it from. I excused myself from the table as I noticed a young woman running away from our old dairy barn.
391	adjudicated	PG-13	To my surprise, my TV show was interrupted by an emergency alert stating to “seek shelter immediately and lock all doors and windows.” As I stood up to follow the instructions, my phone buzzed with an emergency alert stating that all citizens should evacuate their homes immediately.
392	adjudicated	PG-13	After years of therapy to help me come to terms with the fact that the 'family' I lived with weren't actually real, I finally made the leap and mercilessly slaughtered them all to break the illusion of their existence. When I called my therapist to tell her the news, my heart sank as the secretary told me that no one by that name had ever worked there.
393	adjudicated	PG	Run. We like to work up an appetite before the feast.
394	adjudicated	PG-13	My cousins and I were 5 when we wondered off into the forest without telling anyone. Now we’re 3 and the hunger is starting to kick in again...
395	adjudicated	PG-13	The world was already reeling from the massive earthquake, and so when they saw spiderweb cracks begin to shoot across the sky itself, all they could do was pray for some benevolent god to have mercy upon them. 'Susie, I told you not to touch my stuff!' Katrina screeched, sweeping the broken remains of the snow globe into a dustpan.
396	adjudicated	R	Goddammit, Timmy, you idiot, hold the flashlight still!' Timmy calmly stood and slammed the hood shut on his father's neck.
397	adjudicated	PG-13	After hours and hours of incessant, horribly painful climbing, i finally escaped my prison, reaching the light of the sky. My smile fell as my fingers touched a cold, painfully solid white LED ceiling.
398	adjudicated	PG-13	The bomb was never supposed to be used but, in the end, there was no other option. Many million years in the future, scientists would refer to this event as the 'Big Bang', and they would soon discover it was the reason for their species existence.
399	adjudicated	PG-13	I finally managed to catch my breath as my husband walked away to answer the door. My heart dropped to my stomach when I heard him laughing with two of his coworkers, as they apologized and said the dispatch must have given them the wrong address to their latest domestic disturbance call.
400	adjudicated	PG-13	My mom kicked me out the house for tickling my little brother's feet. I knew I should've waited until he was born.
401	adjudicated	PG-13	[JAN22] I'm a deep sea fisherman, and I've trolled the deep sea for well over a decade. And until now, I had never pulled up a ten pound lead weight with a bite taken out of it.
402	adjudicated	PG-13	I was surprised when my daughter vehemently refused to leave her tooth for the tooth fairy. This memory flooded my mind when the detectives found the tooth fairy costume in my depraved neighbor’s closet.
403	adjudicated	PG	At a record breaking 8 minutes, this was the longest solar eclipse ever recorded At a record breaking 9 minutes, we all knew something was wrong.
404	adjudicated	PG	The year is 20632, and humanity has just made what could be the largest scientific discovery ever. One of our oldest satellites cannot travel any further; we have found the edge of the universe. Edit: guys, my math isn't infallible; I'm more scared of my exams than the end of the universe. And I meant a probe, not a satellite. Apologies for the confusion!
405	adjudicated	PG-13	I woke up to my girlfriend whisper yelling to me from outside the tent, telling me I needed to get out of there. I couldn't see in the dark, but I felt her familiar hands pull me back down when I started to get up.
406	adjudicated	PG-13	All my childhood I thought I was lactose intolerant. Turns out my “mother” just didn’t want me to see my face on the milk carton.
407	adjudicated	PG-13	I don’t have the guts to do parkour anymore. I lost them when I missed the ledge and fell 200 feet to my death.
408	adjudicated	PG-13	I stumbled out of bed, the buzzing in my head was becoming louder as my nose dripped with snot and my ears stung. After a minute of utter confusion it all became clear when the sweet taste of honey dribbled into my mouth.
409	adjudicated	PG-13	I burned my smartphone, trashed my laptop, and removed any possible camera from my house But as I looked in the mirror with a screwdriver in my hand, I realized I somehow overlooked two tiny cameras that they’ve been using to watch me all of my life.
410	adjudicated	R	After 2 years of searching, she finally found her lost son. Unfortunately, he was found in the form of a skeleton in her attic.
411	adjudicated	PG-13	“Wifi is going down, I’m gonna have to call you back,” I say to my friend and end our video call. Whatever that thing was that I saw creeping into frame behind him, I sure as hell don’t want it to know my face.
412	adjudicated	PG-13	When I smelled nail polish remover coming from my daughter’s room, I just assumed she’d started being more girly. If only I’d known that the smell was coming from her mouth before I went to wake her up for school the next day.
413	adjudicated	R	Remember, the special ingredient is lots of love!' I smiled as I smashed his bloody heart I had torn out of his now opened chest into the cake mix, something that always held a lot of love.
414	adjudicated	PG-13	I screamed as I fell through the abyss- I was taken with shock as something howled back.
415	adjudicated	PG-13	AITA for euthanizing patients in their sleep? I couldn't possibly have just sat back and let the medical bills bury them alive!
416	adjudicated	PG-13	The little girl giggled at the sight of her older brother. 'He looks like a piñata hanging up there!'
417	adjudicated	R	As I browsed reddit, my hands froze over the keyboard as I felt cold metal being pressed into the back of my head. *'If your next post isn't original.. I'm blowing your fucking head off..'*
418	adjudicated	R	After 20 years in prison for sexual assault, the girls finally admitted they were lying for attention, and i am finally free again. Surely, the court won't believe them the second time?
419	adjudicated	R	Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away. I shot my brains out on the walls they spray, then I go back to yesterday.
420	adjudicated	PG-13	The Bible says that Jesus Christ is our shepard, and that all of us are his flock. Considering what livestock are usually raised for, I don't know why everyone's so surprised that the 'pearly gates' turned out to look more like the entrance to a slaughterhouse...
421	adjudicated	PG-13	When I was a kid, I remember watching a news article about the oldest man alive and thinking to myself how amazing having that title must feel. Today, 20 years later, I feel nothing but sadness as the man who currently possesses that title.
422	adjudicated	NC 17	My wife and young daughter have been replaced by imposters, I know it! Now that I have them restrained, I'm going to use this blowtorch to get some ***FUCKING ANSWERS!***
423	adjudicated	R	I ripped off her blouse, ecstatic that me and her were finally going to have sex. I immediately filled with fear, because instead of two perky little nipples, two eyeballs met my own in a dead stare.
424	adjudicated	PG-13	I just watched two YouTube videos about human anatomy. And as I watched the presenter show off tissue samples from cadavers, I couldn’t help but to think about how hungry that made me.
425	adjudicated	R	All 3 heartbeats are strong and I need you to push now' said the doctor, as I prepared to give birth to triplets. The nurse screamed, and jumped back in a panic, when the 1st baby was born with a beating heart in each hand.
426	adjudicated	PG-13	I stand at my abusive husband's funeral, not even sad that he never attended mine But once he ascends, I'm dragging him down to Hell with me.
427	adjudicated	R	I'm going to kill myself. He's got to be around here somewhere.
428	adjudicated	PG-13	My mom called me in sheer horror as she realized I forgot to bring my medicine on my overnight trip to connect with others who are also paralyzed. I’ve never been without my medication before so I thought I would be in pain, why am I able to wiggle my toes?
429	adjudicated	PG-13	The witch told me if I didn't pass on the cursed object she's gonna hurt everyone I love. She later found out that there was no one to hurt.
430	adjudicated	PG-13	The priest prayed and prayed, begging the demon to leave the innocent childs body. But as the body violently smashed around the room, a distorted voice bellowed loudly, 'He won't let me out.'
431	adjudicated	PG-13	I cracked my back just right this time The little feeling I have left in my legs is fading by the minute.
432	adjudicated	R	That's your end now, but first I'm going to make you feel exactly as my son felt in his last moments.' This is what the father of my last victim said as he turned his back to get the knife, not knowing that I've already broke my handcuffs....
433	adjudicated	R	After the man had put the metal bucket over me, i could feel it getting hotter and hotter in here. Guess the only way out is through the soft flesh below my feet.
434	adjudicated	R	I waved at mommy from inside the car as she placed her hands on the trunk And as it rolled into the lake, I could see her waving back
435	adjudicated	PG-13	I confessed to my wife about what really happened to those missing school girls. After I told her, she said, “Who do you think was making sure their bodies weren’t found?”
436	adjudicated	R	I continued to scream as the doctors sawed into my exposed abdomen. “I’m sorry ma’m but having children with negroes is against the will of god.”
437	adjudicated	R	I was so devastated when I came home and found my wife in bed with another man that I left without saying a word. It wasn't until the day after when I finally returned that I noticed the lock on the back door was broken.
438	adjudicated	R	People from school found out I was adopted and constantly made fun of me for not looking like any of my family members. The jokes stopped the day I showed up to class wearing my mother’s face.
439	adjudicated	PG-13	After being satisfied that I learned as much information as I could on every topic under the sun, I unfroze time after many years. Guilt ripped into me the moment the first person I encountered sobbed that they were conscious the whole time.
440	adjudicated	PG-13	The monster in my nightmare was almost on me when my alarm went off. My heart rate was almost back to normal when I heard it growl above me, 'I'm not done with you yet.'
441	adjudicated	R	I saw one of those cute repost this and a pedophile dies posts and decided to repost. I then watched in horror as my husband starts burning and screaming for mercy.
442	adjudicated	R	I'm so sorry about this m'am' the officer said regretfully as he walked me into the room to identify my estranged husband's body.  Frozen in my steps, the sight of my husband's cruel smirk swam before my eyes as the officer's voice continued 'but the reward for getting you out of hiding was too good to pass up'.
443	adjudicated	R	“Mommy is on the phone, go outside and play,” I said, shooing my daughter away. I knew I would regret those words the rest of my life, when I went to check on her a half hour later, and found the gate to the pool open, and a small, lifeless shape floating face down in the water.
444	adjudicated	PG-13	Living amongst the monsters so long, he learned to efficiently kill, to quitely get away, and most importantly to keep to himself. 'Parole is granted' said the board, citing good behavior and overcrowding.
445	adjudicated	PG-13	Only after I heard the door slammed shut and the intruder footsteps faded away that I came out from the closet. 'You fell for the oldest trick in the book.' was all I heard before something hit my head and everything turned black.
446	adjudicated	PG-13	It isn’t going to suck itself, is it? I said to my wife. My knees went weak when the odd slurping sounds started as she stared, horrified from across the room.
447	adjudicated	PG-13	When he found me trapped and paralyzed, he assumed my rapid blinking was meant to be “SOS” and went to get help. I was trying to say “RUN”.
448	adjudicated	R	“Death by 1,000 cuts”, That always sounded like overkill and I doubted a person would actually stay awake that long. Turns out if you shoot someone up with adrenaline they can stay awake long after you finish turning them into your personal carving project.
449	adjudicated	PG-13	IT'S URGENT, CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW', was the message I received on my phone from my ex-wife who also used to be my surgeon, so I did. I-I feel like my pacemaker is collapsing right now...
450	adjudicated	PG-13	I felt the 12th man that day thrust, shudder, and then finally climb off of me. I don’t know how my ex-husband was approved for my coma care at his home, but there’ll be hell to pay if I can just WAKE UP…
451	adjudicated	PG-13	I always thought nobody would ever be dumb enough to keep a zombie 'alive'. But I'm just not ready to say goodbye yet.
452	adjudicated	PG-13	After the horrifying discovery, the FBI shut the museum down immediately and arrested the curator for his depravity. It took a janitor accidentally smashing one of the statues to reveal they were only so lifelike because they were real corpses covered in cement and paint.
453	adjudicated	R	I tried to untie her from the chair, blind and shaking. The rope was so strange, for it felt like warm wet meat and i couldn't find the end of it yet.
454	adjudicated	R	My mother told me that they sold it to buy my sister a new phone, and that I should stop being so entitled and learn to stand on my own two feet I just lay in my bed weeping and begging her to give me back my wheelchair
455	adjudicated	PG-13	“Was the snake bite poisonous?” “No,” I said, not having the heart to correct my patient’s grammar.
456	adjudicated	NC 17	I asked Santa for Daddy to stop hitting me and Mommy I hid in my closet while a large antlered monster ripped my daddy apart
457	adjudicated	PG-13	I awoke from my nightmare with a bloodcurdling scream. It was then that the soldiers realized not all the bodies in the ditch were dead.
458	adjudicated	R	That was the police telling me my brother, Tyler, was found dead in his apartment this morning,' I told my boyfriend, my breath shaking with shock and grief. My boyfriend threw his arms around me in loving embrace and angrily said, 'what kind of sick psycho would shoot a decent guy like Tyler?'
459	adjudicated	NC 17	“I’m going to enjoy this.”, he chuckles maliciously as his hand goes up her skirt. “She hasn’t eaten in ages.”, she replies with a smile as he pulls out his hand with bloody stumps where his fingers used to be.
460	adjudicated	NC 17	I gasped as the firefighters extinguished the flames that ravaged the orphanage. I think I was the only one who saw them light them.
461	adjudicated	PG-13	Only after all the livestock had succumbed to illness, every crop had withered, and every man in the village became impotent, did the townspeople realize that witches were not immortal. The curses they screamed out as they burned were.
462	adjudicated	R	“You killed your own children, you monster!” My wife screamed at me in horror. I looked up and shook my head “they weren’t my children” I corrected her.
463	adjudicated	PG-13	When I was ten, my mother pulled me out of school and devoted herself to teaching me survivalist, mechanical, and medical skills. By the time the war destroyed most of civilisation, she was already long dead, so I never found out how she knew.
464	adjudicated	R	Reaching beneath my bed I drag out my home-made sex doll, lovingly decorated with makeup and frills, before plunging into it. [deleted]
465	adjudicated	PG-13	“Go ahead, honey- go make some friends,” I said, as I nudged my daughter out the door. She innocently wandered out into the backyard, as I watched them begin to emerge from the woods.
466	adjudicated	PG-13	The neighbours annoying loud canary finally shut up. I’ve been so tired and dizzy I think I’m going to have a nap.
467	adjudicated	NC 17	I was beyond pissed off with my husband as he started claiming to be suffering from sympathy pains during my pregnancy, as he always has to be the centre of attention It was only as I watched the baby crawl out of the tip of his penis, that I realised how far he was willing to take this
468	adjudicated	PG-13	When no modern medicine can cure me of my illness my friend suggested a more traditional method like bloodletting. As I lay here strapped on the stone table while some other people are drawing a pentagram around me using my blood, I realised that he was talking about different type of bloodletting.
469	adjudicated	PG-13	I tried making a deal with a demon. It refused, saying that it only makes deals with humans.
470	adjudicated	PG-13	I awoke to tapping from the other side of the window, and a grotesque, smiling face staring hungrily at me through it. This submarine has been losing air pressure for days now, so I pray that my mind is just playing tricks on me.
471	adjudicated	R	[AUG21] As punishment, any child who breaks school rules is shoved into a cabinet with browned nails and spikes embedded inside. But the worst part wasn't either of those, but the sensation of noxious, foamy water seeping through my socks and into my skin.
472	adjudicated	R	I don't know how Dad could afford my surgery, with all that gambling debt he's so afraid of, but I'm just happy to be getting a new kidney! The anesthesia must be kicking in, because it seems like that nurse is wheeling over *tons* of organ coolers haha
473	adjudicated	PG-13	Having a history as the nightwatch for the local mall, I have heard some strange things. But by far, the sound of the mannequins clawing at the security gate has been the worst.
474	adjudicated	PG-13	My heart pounded when I heard the intruder, and I reached for my knife with trembling hands. 'I get to do anything I want to them' I thought with excitement, donning my night vision goggles and hitting the circuit breaker.
475	adjudicated	NC 17	My teachers never have to worry about me having bad grammar, and I am the best in my class at punctuation. After seeing my dad senselessly beat my sister for missing a period, I promised myself that I'd never make that mistake.
476	adjudicated	PG-13	My dad's work clothes are covered in this pretty glowing blue dust. It makes me look like a beautiful fairy princess.
477	adjudicated	PG	I saw a large spider crawl out from my ceiling lamp. I took off the glass dome to clean out the spider web, and hundreds of her babies fell on my face.
478	adjudicated	PG-13	As a neurosurgeon, plenty of former patients run up and tell me about how much what I did meant for them. It wouldn’t be so bad if it was just the ones that survived.
479	adjudicated	NC 17	My mother scolded me for being so materialistic, and that this could be the something borrowed for my sister's wedding I just lay there silently, staring down at the mastectomy scars, while my sister stood in front of the mirror admiring her new breasts
480	adjudicated	PG-13	Grandma fell asleep for the last time, in the hospital bed. Something else woke up.
481	adjudicated	PG-13	My boyfriend is having difficulty getting hard for me. The website said rigor mortis only takes a few hours, what gives??
482	adjudicated	PG-13	I was careful not to make a sound, so that my kidnapper would not find me. The efforts went to waste however as my phone lit up with my amber alert.
483	adjudicated	PG-13	After lamenting that her days were all the same, she wished that just once, when she looked out of the window, she’d see something different than her drab neighborhood. The monkey’s paw curled as an ear-piercing whistling sound came from beyond the clouds.
484	adjudicated	PG-13	I sat on a log, watching the fire, holding my wife's hand. The firefighters say once they put out the house, they hope they will find the rest of her.
485	adjudicated	R	After surviving a airplane crash, I decided to get my life in order and the past 20 years have been near perfect. But then I woke up, still trapped under the burning airplane wreckage.
486	adjudicated	R	Yesterday my brother and his wife sent their saliva samples to the DNA lab in order to learn about their ancestry. When I stopped by their house today, I found it covered with a protective tent with 'Biohazard' signs everywhere, and now authorities refuse to disclose their current location.
487	adjudicated	PG-13	Deep in the forest, the night came alive with the music of the happy campers. Then the night started hunting them, one by one.
488	adjudicated	PG-13	My dog has been acting strange ever since he came back home after running away. I didn’t understand why until I realized his eyes were human.
489	adjudicated	PG-13	I cannot properly express the terror I felt when our submersible came across a man, chained to the bottom of the ocean. But it's nothing compared to the terror I'm feeling as these social media campaigns lobby to try and free him.
490	adjudicated	PG-13	“Surprise!” He beamed, bringing in the cake piped with vanilla frosting and sprinkles to my bedside. “Please” I wept, my legs now swollen around the chains from the weeks of forced feeding “Let me go home!”
491	adjudicated	R	Look at me, Mommy!' Justin exclaimed as he climbed to the top of the couch. His Superman t-shirt was the last thing she saw when her toddler leapt through the open window and fell twenty stories to his death.
492	adjudicated	PG-13	My dog is incredibly quick to learn new tricks. But I’m still wondering who taught him how to walk in two legs in the middle of the night
493	adjudicated	R	It’s easy to tell my twin and I apart, since he is hopelessly left-handed while I always use my right. Hiding my ambidexterity is tricky but it means the police will never suspect me.
494	adjudicated	PG-13	Even though it was our first date, I agreed to go up to his apartment, thinking how reminded me of someone. But when I went to the bathroom, I happened to look under the mirror cabinet and saw my own handwriting, 'he's hypnotizing you again'
495	adjudicated	PG-13	I was thrilled to obtain a waffle iron for Christmas this year making it so much easier to sear the faces of my victims to a golden brown every time
496	adjudicated	PG-13	As my third wish I asked to never be hungry again. It's been two months and meals feel like torture, but I have to eat to keep myself alive
497	adjudicated	R	I woke up to a blowjob this morning. Which was a little weird, because I work alone in the Morgue.
498	adjudicated	PG-13	When I saw it, my heart stopped. Unfortunately, my heart ceasing to beat didn’t kill me fast enough to spare me from it.
499	adjudicated	NC 17	I killed my brother five years ago Today, he pushed my chin up with the tip of his sword and told me that I was going to feel the same pain as he had.
500	adjudicated	R	When my new boyfriend brought me home to his three children, all under the age of ten, I ran for the hills. In this post-apocalyptic age of hunger, you don't just have three healthy young children unless you're feeding them with an unmentionable source of meat.
501	adjudicated	PG-13	I told my daughter about my past life and that I was killed then my daughter said 'Who would have thought that we would meet again'
502	adjudicated	PG	A small team of human scientists was sent to mars. A small team of scientists returned to earth.
503	adjudicated	G	We all heard the egg crack open. But by then it was too late to run
504	adjudicated	PG	Normally hoofprints in the snow in December is a jolly, fun sight. They are less festive the morning of December 6th, while your parents frantically search the house for your little brother.
505	adjudicated	PG	I opened up a pretty successful burger stand, and in doing so I’m really helping the community out a lot. The people get their yummy burgers, and the homeless population is decreasing.
506	adjudicated	R	You're just like your mother' He said while holding the blood soaked skull of his daughter.
507	adjudicated	PG-13	I cradled my children close to me as the poison did its work. As they both took their last shallow breaths, a breaking news report announced that the impossible had been achieved and the asteroid had been successfully knocked off course.
508	adjudicated	R	As I wake next to my twin in our womb, it occurs to me that some species of shark eat their siblings before they’re born as a means of natural selection, and the mother doesn’t notice or care. I don’t know who let a shark in here or if our mother knows or cares, but I’d love to know which of us is being selected.
509	adjudicated	R	In accordance with my wishes, I was cremated and the ashes scattered to the four winds. After decades of individual particles painfully reattaching themselves, I had regained enough consciousness to realize the Devil wasn't done with me yet.
510	adjudicated	R	We finally found the school bus full of the missing 10 year old children at the very top of the mountain where no cars or buses could reach. All that was left of them was 60 neatly folded piles of skin.
511	adjudicated	PG	My mom said she throw away all the thing on my desk in my workshop because it is too messy. I watched in horror as the garbage truck drove away with all the sample of potentially dangerous microorganisms.
512	adjudicated	PG-13	I can't find Mommy, but this nice lady in the white dress says she can take me home! She must be taking an extra super duper cool shortcut though, because me and Mommy never ever go through the woods.
513	adjudicated	R	She crept cautiously yet bravely towards the sleeping beast, desperate to snatch a morsel of food from between its massive paws. Suddenly, her drunken father awoke and roared, slapping her repeatedly as she begged 'Daddy, please, I haven't eaten in days!'
514	adjudicated	R	After a deep breathe, the woman confirmed to the investigators that, yes, she recognized the the picure of the silly little flower her daughter had been scribbling since she could draw. For now, they decided to exclude the blood, nails and teeth stuck into the carved design inside of the coffin lid.
515	adjudicated	NC-17	I always vowed to be more famous than my actress mother and I achieved it. When they found me bathing in her blood in Central Park I was all anyone could talk about.
516	adjudicated	R	I noticed diamond-shaped burns on my cattle, and then cuts, and then after a few weeks I'd find them completely drained of blood. The cattle mutilation stopped a few months ago, but this morning my little brother woke up with a diamond-shaped burn on his arm.
517	adjudicated	PG-13	Overcome with worry for my sick dog I wished on a star he would live as long as I did. As my heart beat slowed I realized I should have specified who's life span we would follow.
518	adjudicated	PG-13	I clutched my broken leg at the bottom of the abandoned mine shaft. I’d found more riches than I could ever carry out, but you can’t eat gold.
519	adjudicated	NC-17	After starving for weeks on the icy landscape I finally committed the horrible act of cannibalism, eating my friend’s corpse. I’ve picked all the bones clean in a matter of hours, so why am I still starving?
520	adjudicated	PG-13	While walking along the beach I noticed a message in a bottle sticking out of the sand. Inside the bottle was a photo of me floating dead in the ocean and a message in my own handwriting that said “run.”
521	adjudicated	PG-13	Mommy keeps telling me to get out of bed and take a walk with her before Daddy wakes up But every since I drank the tea that Daddy gave me yesterday, I've felt soo tired like I could just sleep forever...
522	adjudicated	PG	I have the ability to hear the thoughts of inanimate objects I watch hydraulic press videos for fun
523	adjudicated	PG-13	My family and friends all stared at me in shock, as my tourette's made me scream out 'fucking assholes' We listened in horror to the hammering on the attic door, as the undead now knew where we were hiding
524	adjudicated	PG-13	People are generous they donated half a million dollars to my gravely ill son last year It only costs a thousand dollars a month to keep him sick.
525	adjudicated	PG-13	Dear Diary, I think I am completely in love with this man. I know I've been chained up for a long time, but now I see that he really just wants what's best for me.
526	adjudicated	PG	“This my stop, thanks,” she said. But he just kept driving…
527	adjudicated	PG	I poked my head above the water, excited to breathe the cool air of the cave. *Clunk.*
528	adjudicated	PG	“Okay Larry, for this underwater scene, Julia will be pretending to drown, but will hold up three fingers when she needs air.” “Okay Julia, if you need air during your underwater scene, just wave your hands, and Larry will hand you the scuba mask.”
529	adjudicated	PG-13	As I stared at the knife, I knew death was near. How horribly, horribly wrong I was.
530	adjudicated	PG-13	He said he was gonna bring me great pain but jokes on him, I'm into that shit I realised how wrong I was when he brought my sister
531	adjudicated	PG-13	I finally figured out how to fuse people with animals! Too bad I could only figure out how to do it with cockroaches.
532	adjudicated	R	As we prepared to burn the witch, she used her last breaths to tell me, one day, that God would give me blood to drink. As I lay here years later, my lungs slowly filling up with my own blood, I realize her words may not just have been symbolic.
533	adjudicated	NC-17	[AUG21] I was disappointed after hearing my five year old daughter throwing up in the bathroom, and knew that I needed to increase her punishment I dragged her to the kitchen table and forced her to eat another dozen tapeworms, to hopefully guarantee she loses the rest of her baby fat before the pageant
534	adjudicated	PG-13	My family all thought it was hilarious after my sister got me a training bra for my birthday, and begged me to try it on I sat there weeping as they forced me to place the bra over my mastectomy scars
535	adjudicated	PG-13	I opened my eyes, glad that I finally woke from my coma. It was only when I got up and saw my body laying lifeless that I realized that I wasn't awake.
536	adjudicated	PG-13	Shit, I can't be late to work again' I thought as I slammed the car into reverse. Almost immediately after hitting the gas I heard the yip.
537	adjudicated	PG-13	My five-year-old son keeps insisting that he hears voices coming from inside our basement walls, but I've kept him from investigating by telling him there's ghosts down there. I come home to find the Jewish family in the hands of the Gestapo, while he excitedly tells me how he phoned the police on his own and they caught the basement ghosts.
538	adjudicated	PG	My girlfriend took me to meet her father, who was a mortician. The moment he saw, he started quaking and trembling and with a shaky jaw, he barely blurted out, 'I—I've seen you before.”
539	adjudicated	PG-13	I realize that I should have mentioned those magnets my little boy accidentally swallowed at the full physical checkup. Oh well, the Doctor already started up the MRI machine
540	adjudicated	R	At gunpoint, digging my own grave, I realize I’m going to die regardless; they’re already taking my life, why the hell should I give them my labor too? They say I don’t need legs to dig.
541	adjudicated	R	Each jello cup has two hits of LSD, ketamine, methamphetamine and, finally, enough time-release fentanyl to kill a horse, and there’s enough of them for everyone. This is a hell of a way to quit my elementary school cafeteria job.
542	adjudicated	R	I've met a person who identified as a MAP, at first I had no idea what the acronym meant. When I finally figured out what it means, I've made sure by making the person into a literal map - flaying him alive and tattooing the globe onto his still fresh skin.
543	adjudicated	PG-13	The gaunt father tickled his daughter and cried 'I'm going to eat you! Nom nom nom' As yet another rocket shook the earth and the adjacent building roared into a heap, he playfully declared 'Stomp, stomp, stomp, better keep hiding!'
544	adjudicated	PG-13	After my Father unexpectedly committed suicide, it took me several years until I felt at peace enough to open the sealed suicide letter. I wish I’d opened it years ago, though, because this letter is not his handwriting.
545	adjudicated	PG	I wanted to scream 'HELP ME!!!' to them but no sound came out. The group then calmly moved over to the next exhibit in the wax museum.
546	adjudicated	R	He took advantage of me in bed, and I was too scared to tell anyone. Joseph told everyone that I was a virgin, and the baby inside of me was from God.
547	adjudicated	PG	As we get older our ears get less sensitive, no longer able to pick up certain sounds. Why do you think only children hear monsters under the bed?
548	adjudicated	R	When I saw him nailed to the cross, I dropped to my knees and thanked Jesus for his sacrifice Hopefully now the Cartel will leave us alone.
549	adjudicated	PG-13	I was starving and desperate to survive. This is no world to raise a child in anyway.
550	adjudicated	PG	My daughter likes to grab my ankles and scare me when I'm getting into bed. I just can't figure out how she's doing it right now, as I hold her in my arms.
551	adjudicated	PG	I made a deal with the devil, my soul in exchange for painful revenge against those who wronged me. Too late I found that he takes payment in advance
552	adjudicated	R	[AUG21] My father loves to use stupid dad jokes as he is punishing me I tried to hold in the tears as he told me to stop hitting myself, while he slapped me with my amputated arms
553	adjudicated	R	You can't execute me, I'm innocent,' the woman sobbed, 'please believe me.' 'I do,' the announcer said sympathetically, 'but unfortunately, our audience doesn't.'
554	adjudicated	PG	Preparing for bed, I began closing all the blinds in my house when I paused to admire my reflection in the window. I shivered as the cool night breeze filled the room.
555	adjudicated	PG-13	“A drink for your daughter?“ I looked in her sad little eyes and said goodbye as the man handed me his last gallon of drinkable water.
556	adjudicated	R	[JAN22] I was trolling through the bayou when I caught a glimpse of a human foot bobbing next to my crab trap. I guess the crabs weren't hungry in this part of the water, so I scooped it up and brought it to the next one.
557	adjudicated	PG-13	The captives prayed desperately as the loudspeaker began announcing who will be executed that day. When the last name was called, the halls echoed with the muffled wails of those who must endure another year of torture.
558	adjudicated	PG	I can recognize different people's footseps by their sound and speed,even my own. I immediately hid in my closet and called my parents when I started hearing my own footsteps walking across the first floor and then upstairs.
559	adjudicated	R	I think I might have just solved racism. Only by looking at all these people I skinned alive, no one should be able to make a difference.
560	adjudicated	PG-13	Once I died I became a ghost, and since I had no physical limits on myself I left this world to explore the cosmos. It was wonderful until I got too close to a black hole: it turns out nothing escapes their attaction power, neither in the living world nor in the deceased's one.
561	adjudicated	R	My wife would likely be mad at me for eating her leftovers. She had always wanted to be cremated.
562	adjudicated	R	My wife's sister now had 3 children and didn't know who their fathers were. Still surprised that she still came to my birthday party every year, I smiled and topped off her wine glass once more .
563	adjudicated	PG-13	It was only after I slid the motorcycle helmet on I realised why it was an online discount. The inner padding wasn’t red, it was secondhand.
564	adjudicated	R	They had to put my dog down after a series of violent attacks on children. Little did they know the dog wasn't the one who did them.
565	adjudicated	R	Behold my science fair project, the erupting volcano!' 'And now to make it erupt!' the little boy announced and then happily reached inside the paper mache model and pulled the pin on his grandfather's old grenade that he had hidden inside.
566	adjudicated	PG-13	I finally did it, I put my consciousness in a computer. I didn't expect my body to get up, smile at me and shut down the computer.
567	adjudicated	PG-13	This one's too big, this one's too wide, but this one's just right!', thought Goldilocks. She sank into the little bear's snug carcass, breathing in the bloody musk.
568	adjudicated	PG-13	As a kid, I loved pretending there was a weird gangly man following us in the car by hopping from light to light. Dad always seemed to drive a little fast those nights.
569	adjudicated	PG-13	This shot will help save lives of many, the doctor said as he prepped the needle. My only thought was I could have killed many more, as they strapped me to the gurney and the curtains opened.
570	adjudicated	PG	I felt my the weight of my husband climbing into bed and reached for him, half asleep. When my hand felt only the cold sheets where he used to lay I fully woke, alone in the dark with my memories.
571	adjudicated	R	I froze as I took in the sight of my wife’s cold and lifeless body. From behind me a voice said “Now we can be together”
572	adjudicated	PG-13	[NOV21] Somewhere deep in the primitive parts of our brains, we remember how to hibernate: find a snug den, curl up, and go to sleep. Unfortunately, we've forgotten how to do the rest, and that's why so many bodies of hypothermia victims are found wedged in tight spaces.
573	adjudicated	G	I’m a little confused about my ancestry.com DNA test… I don’t really know what I was expecting but I definitely didn’t think it would come back negative.
574	adjudicated	PG-13	The doctor assured me my surgery would go smoothly as I watched the anesthetic travel up the tube and into my arm. As my eyes became heavy, I noticed the anesthesia machine was set to to administer for 180kg instead of lbs.
575	adjudicated	PG-13	My mom always told me to take my medication, and now that she’s gone, I hardly remember. So why am I getting better?
576	adjudicated	PG-13	“Why do you hate the church so much?” asked one of the old ladies to the man who defended me. It took me a second to realize what he meant when he took off his glove to reveal that his left hand was a prosthetic.
577	adjudicated	PG-13	I shuddered in pure excitement , peering for Santa to come down, late Christmas Eve. My body lay mute, as its long limbs cracked, twisted, and unfurled from the darkness of the chimney’s mouth.
578	adjudicated	PG-13	My dumbass friend had an early life crisis and decided to become a priest. Asking him to bless the ocean was supposed to be stupid joke, but after hours of hearing the screams from below the waters I have considered becoming a holy man, too.
579	adjudicated	PG	After being stranded for what felt like hours, I finally saw headlights approaching me on the dirt road. They blinked
580	adjudicated	PG	After what seemed liked hours, I finally pressed the enter key to submit my contribution to the 'TwoSentenceHorror' Reddit. God help the poor souls who read this and inherit my curse.
581	adjudicated	PG	We finally discovered god. When we did, he unfortunately discovered us.
582	adjudicated	PG-13	AITA for taking my girlfriend's request that she never wanted to see me again literally? I did exactly as she asked, but she still hates me, could it be because I didn't use anesthesia?
583	adjudicated	R	Mommy, Annie is so mean, she suddenly started screaming when it was my turn to be the doctor', my son whined after making me take out my earphones. 'The new heart I made for her was so pretty, too', he complained, holding up a blood-soaked piece of paper.
584	adjudicated	PG-13	Everyday, five Minibuses bearing the City's welfare department roams the city, picking up homeless person they comes across. The city welfare department shut down secretly five years ago and was sold to a pharmaceutical company without public knowledge.
585	adjudicated	PG-13	You don't need to be a powerful dictator, or a bloodthirsty warmonger to decide if people should live or die, and whether they suffer or not. You just need to be a nurse in the elderly house.
586	adjudicated	PG-13	We were baffled when the footage showed no attackers, only a victim whose skin turned pale before he collapsed to the ground. 'Vampires have no reflections,' said one of our senior officers, 'so that means they can't be caught on tape either.'
587	adjudicated	PG-13	I’m not that kind of girl to freak out and scream when seaweed brushes up against me in the ocean. But this time it pulled and when I did scream nothing came out as the water rushed in.
588	adjudicated	R	I was feeling elated while hugging my therapist goodbye after he signed my release papers after three years of confinement in the psychiatric hospital But the feeling of pushing that steel pen down his neck and seeing green blood pouring from the wound was far better
589	adjudicated	NC-17	“Don’t worry Daddy, now you can be as rough with me as you want.” I stared in horror as my son’s body picked itself off the floor and snapped its neck back into place.
590	adjudicated	R	I hold my breath as the intruder walks past the bedroom closet, hoping he doesn't look inside. If the cop finds all the bodies I hid there, I'm screwed.
591	adjudicated	PG-13	I was driving as fast as I could, but there was no way I'd make it to the hospital before the baby came. By the time I pulled up in front of the emergency room neither my wife nor my daughter were making a sound
592	adjudicated	R	I’d never tell you what happen to the wastes of abortion clinics And I’d certainly never tell you what rejuvenating creams are made of
593	adjudicated	R	After what was the fifth time of my son telling me to not come in, I finally managed the door open. As his dead body hung from the ceiling, his pre recorded voice played for the sixth time.
594	adjudicated	PG-13	“Feel free to explore the first three floors of the cave, but never go further than that, lest you awaken the Guardian,” We dismissed the old woman’s advice as local superstition, until we heard the sound of a thousand insectoid legs clicking, rising from the abyss…
595	adjudicated	R	My wife and I always found it adorable that our daughter truly believed she would become a Disney princess. It wasn't until I heard my daughter giggling as I held my wife's bloodied body that I remembered: Disney princesses are often orphans.
596	adjudicated	R	My wife shrieked in horror as I swerved and narrowly missed a child crossing the street. Then she shrieked with delight when I threw it in reverse, and we heard that satisfying crunch as he went under the car.
597	adjudicated	PG	After several months without rain, the farmer was delighted when he awakened to the sound of a downpour. It was when he walked outside to check on his crops and noticed the black droplets of water falling onto his skin that he realized it wasn’t normal rain.
598	adjudicated	PG	I felt a bug crawling out of my ear. 'Silly thing, you need to stay inside to keep warm and healthy,' I chuckled as I put it back.
599	adjudicated	PG	I’ve been pregnant for 13 months. My baby is still growing.
600	adjudicated	PG-13	What will you do if you're being chase by a killer? I'm hiding right now and I don't think he's going anywhere so any advice will be really helpful.
601	adjudicated	PG-13	When offered the chance to see all the times I've almost died, of course I took it. As the scenes progressed from my infancy through to now, I couldn't help but notice the same strange man in all of them.
602	adjudicated	PG	I've always been very scared to enter this sub. I just hope we'll hit the bottom soon, the pressure is killing me.
603	adjudicated	PG-13	I just adopted the wonderful baby boy that I've wanted to raise as my own since the very moment I met him. And all I had to do was orphan him.
604	adjudicated	PG-13	When I saw my wife accidentally cut her finger when making dinner I immediately reached for the first aid kit. But she calmly stopped me and said that she always done that to added some flavour to the meals.
605	adjudicated	PG-13	Little Jenny was rejoicing herself with all this always desired extra space in her room for her dolls But she had to hide her smile when her mother came in to check on her first day without her younger sister
606	adjudicated	R	I really can't staaay,' I told him for probably the seventh time, matching his sing-song tone to avoid confrontation. As he responded, yet again with 'Baby, it's cold outside!', I began to notice my drink tasted a little funny.
607	adjudicated	PG-13	[JAN22] I always hated that my grandpa had those weird, plastic trolls all over his yard. When he died and the new owners dug up the backyard, I realized what each one was representing.
608	adjudicated	PG-13	I walked into my kitchen to a very unexpected surprise, but with a cheery voice said 'Hey son, I didn't expect you and your friends to be here for the holidays, glad you could join me!' I did not recognize him or his friends, but being that I was old and outnumbered, I felt that feigning dementia was my best bet to make it through whatever was going to happen next.
609	adjudicated	R	The soft, wet *plaps* of the tentacles slapping the concrete in our driveway, followed by the dragging sound, told me that my fears had come home. The squids had arrived, and they were angry about the videos I'd been watching online.
610	adjudicated	PG	The first trans-system shuttle was created in 2114, and reached the edge of our solar system in 2126. She returned to earth empty and on autopilot in 2130, with a message that read: “Stop or they’ll see you”.
611	adjudicated	NC-17	I have a pen, I have an apple...' his wife began saying gleefully She stabbed the now red-inked pen into the flesh of his Adam's apple whilst saying the remaining words, 'Apple pen'.
612	adjudicated	PG	There's a beautiful photo in my phone of my wife and I sleeping in bed with our newborn. I have no idea who took it.
613	adjudicated	R	I finally let go of the hurt that no one has checked in on me in weeks. But judging by the amount of flies in my mouth, I’m surprised my neighbors haven’t noticed the smell.
614	adjudicated	PG-13	To my complete dismay and disbelief, my son announced that he idolized the serial strangler who recently struck our small town. I marched him straight down to the basement where I showed him that I did *way* better work in the 80s.
615	adjudicated	PG-13	You think you're so clever closing your curtains so no one's peeking. Who said we were watching you from *outside* your window?
616	adjudicated	R	That’s not a camel, that’s my wife! As the cactus juice’s hallucinogenics wore off, we saw what we’ve *actually* been eating for the past hour.
617	adjudicated	PG-13	My girlfriend’s dad excused himself from the dinner table and invited me to go out hunting with him. But when I wondered why he didn’t give me a gun, he leaned in close and whispered, “Run.”
618	adjudicated	PG-13	She cowered under the blankets as Daddy came in with whiskey on his breath, knowing what was to come. She squeezed her eyes shut when the deep voice under her bed growled, '*Not This Time, Bad Human*' ... and then the screaming started.
619	adjudicated	G	In my house there is a door that never opens. Sometimes at night I hear what sounds like the creaking of old, rusted hinges.
620	adjudicated	PG-13	Sitting on the couch and staring expectantly at the blank tv screen, she asked, 'Is this movie going to be gory?' I was busy setting up the secret camera feed from the other room as I casually replied,'It should be....'
621	adjudicated	NC-17	My wife was born with a condition that makes it so that she can’t feel pain The look on her face when she woke up and realized she had no limbs was priceless
622	adjudicated	PG	Every night at 2am I hear a knocking on my bedroom door. What worries me most is that it sounds like the knocking is on my side of the door.
623	adjudicated	PG-13	After hours of playing with the ouija board, one of the grieving twins agrees to be possessed by his dead mother so that the other can talk to her. Watching from the dimension where her soul is trapped, the mother wishes there was a way to let them know it's not her that moved the planchette.
624	adjudicated	PG-13	It's not what it looks like!' I yelled. 'You're not the first intern I've let go for this', the mortician said.
625	adjudicated	PG	I REALLY regret signing up to an Ancestry Discovery page. On the bright side, at least I now know where these small scars on the little finger side of my hands came from!
626	adjudicated	PG-13	In sorry, but there's nothing we can do,' the doctor said to me while he turned off the machine. As my lungs began to fail, and vision go dark, the doctor left and added, 'There's just been a shortage of organ donors.'
627	adjudicated	R	I want the source of all my sadness to be gone,' he said. 'Granted!' I replied, watching him collapse to the ground with a literally *empty* skull.
628	adjudicated	R	I overheard my neighbor turning on their lawnmower in the distance. I quickly realized the gruesome fate before me, as I lay bound and gagged in their backyard.
629	adjudicated	NC-17	I entered the house, and on seeing a black-eyed kid standing on the living room ceiling, immediately ran away screaming. By the time the medical examiner finally removed the nails sticking her feet to the ceiling, the blood dripping from her burst sclera had already formed a small pool on the floor.
630	adjudicated	R	Saint Peter greeted me at the pearly gates with a smile and told me it wasn't my time; so he'd be sending me right back. But the last thing I can remember before it all went black were my legs going into that woodchipper.
631	adjudicated	PG	In the dying hope of the robot species, they sent out a capsule. One single cell organism that will hit Earth, and one day evolve into an intelligent species that will create them once again.
632	adjudicated	PG-13	After he died, we knew our grandfather's spirit was still protecting us when we'd smell his cologne or hear him gently knock on our walls. Last week at 3 am, we heard three short knocks, three long ones and three more short, followed by sobbing and nothing since.
633	adjudicated	NC-17	As the poppers blew the color blue at the gender reveal party. The relief was my only hope he wouldn’t do to a little boy what he does to me.
634	adjudicated	R	Grandma told me to get into the oven Dad's drunk again and its the last place he'll look.
635	adjudicated	PG	I think I need some help with programming. I don’t think the sentient AI I created is supposed to be able to control the ventilation system.
636	adjudicated	R	Daddy, daddy!' the boy in the werewolf costume exclaimed, 'Look at my mask; Isn't it scary?' 'It sure is Wolfman, but I think I've got you beat!' I replied, as I peeled his father's face off of my own.
637	adjudicated	G	I waited as the clock turned 11:59 to 12:00 AM. But then I saw the words on my computers calendar, 'December 32.'
638	adjudicated	PG-13	Ever since I came home from Iraq my wife hasn’t kissed, hugged, or even looked at me. Maybe it would have been easier if I had just died when I stepped on that landmine.
639	adjudicated	R	If you look up on Google 'how does a leg sewed to an ear look like', you won't find any results. Because I haven't uploaded the picture yet.
640	adjudicated	PG-13	“Come back,” she sobbed helplessly as the boat glided towards the horizon, “please come back.” Water was covering her ankles on what had once been a mountaintop as she tried to shield the screaming infant in her arms from the relentless raindrops, watching Noah’s ark grow smaller and smaller in the distance.
641	adjudicated	PG-13	“Please bring me back my daughter and arrest that kidnapper!” the woman sobbed, clinging on to her distraught husband. I turned away from the TV and whispered, “Mr. Kidnapper, please don't return me to my parents.”
642	adjudicated	PG-13	Blake thought that it was comical when the old witch cursed him to an eternity of living out his life's favorite moments... That was until he realized, that this time around, he'd experience them as his victims had.
643	adjudicated	PG-13	Accident or not, I've never forgiven my daughter's killer. I've simply been waiting all these years for her to grow up and have a child of her own before taking my revenge.
644	adjudicated	R	As I was shown the statistics of my life after death, I stared in horror at the 27 'assist kills.' The horror was far more striking for me, seeing as I was a suicide hotline worker.
645	adjudicated	NC-17	He thought nobody would find out what he’d been doing to his daughter’s plushie dolls when she went to school. That is, until a strange bulge grew in the belly of one of the more eerily lifelike dolls, that soon began to kick with life inside it.
646	adjudicated	PG-13	My daughter excitedly hopped onto my bed to tell me that Santa had came back. She was telling me she had let him in as I looked in horror to see a dirty homeless man covered in blood standing at my bedroom door.
647	adjudicated	PG	i tried to plug my phone charger into the socket next to my bed. a hand grabbed it for me and whispered 'i got you'.
648	adjudicated	PG	Today, city workers broke the concrete seal of the abandoned coal mine in honor of its 80th anniversary since closing. So you could understand their surprise to find several fresh hand prints lining the dusty cave walls inside.
649	adjudicated	PG-13	My wife put a gun to her head and asked me if it was true that I had slept with my secretary I actually didn’t, but I lied and said yes because this would be much cheaper than the hit man I planned to hire Edit: holy shit this blew up. Thanks for the awards and upvotes :)
650	adjudicated	PG	Three hundred years ago, my ancestors set sail for the Bermuda Triangle. Last night, they arrived on my doorstep.
651	adjudicated	PG-13	Whenever I think I'm dreaming I usually count my fingers to see if I have more than five. I hear screams, the sky is red, there's a constant knocking at my door, and I'm counting only five fingers.
652	adjudicated	PG-13	Today a boy came up to me at the daycare I work at and asked me about something he’d found in the attic. He’s the third witness I’ve had to kill today.
653	adjudicated	R	I peeled the sunburnt skin and moaned in ecstasy. Hoping that the pleasure can make me forget the basal cell carcinoma that had developed on my clitoris.
654	adjudicated	PG-13	My art professor scolded my friend because his work lack soul in it. A week later, a porcelain jar was found on his table in the lecture hall and when he opened it an agony-filled screech echoed through the hall.
655	adjudicated	R	“Can you handle all seven inches?” My boyfriend whispered. As he sunk the knife further into my chest, I realised what he meant.
656	adjudicated	R	My older son tormented my daughter about her imaginary friend ceaselessly, laughing as he pretended to stab the empty space next to her. His obnoxious cackling fell away as my daughter screamed and blood poured from the empty air all over the kitchen floor.
657	adjudicated	PG-13	Every night, my brother giggles in his sleep. I asked him about it today, and he says he hears it too.
658	adjudicated	PG-13	I really hope my girlfriend appreciates the diamond I got her. She has no idea how many graves I had to dig up before I found one I liked.
659	adjudicated	PG-13	I picked up the phone to order us a pizza, telling him I would pay for it to make up for angering him. Unfortunately, my husband spends as much time on social media as I do.
660	adjudicated	PG-13	Who wrote on the mirror while I was in the shower?' 'And what does 'TUO ƎM TƎ⅃' mean?'
661	adjudicated	R	Where's my wife?' I screamed, after they told me I was the only survivor of the crash. 'Just look down,' answered the doctor, 'we had to graft your head onto something...'
662	adjudicated	PG-13	Mommy came running into the room when her little daughter yelled that the monster was back. They both hid under the bed just before he unlocked the front door.
663	adjudicated	R	Gently reminder to our workers that ending your life won't end your obligation towards the company; The cost of resurrection will also be added to your debt.'
664	adjudicated	PG-13	When I was young, my father always beat me because I wanted to be a ventriloquist Now that I have fulfilled what I want, I always have him with me on stage every time I perform.
665	adjudicated	R	The giant smashed his head in and drank his insides until he was only a hollow shell All I could do was wait beside the other soda cans in the fridge, knowing one of us would be next
666	adjudicated	R	[FEB22] The king came to regret allowing his pet tiger to roam the halls of the palace unsupervised. As he looked over the eviscerated and half eaten body of his beloved, he only had one question: what could do this to a tiger?
667	adjudicated	R	I actually caught my old childhood toys moving around like in Toy Story. I haven’t touched my blow-up doll since.
668	adjudicated	R	I finally got the sexy Goth Girlfriend of my dreams, and she invited me to her house for the night! I realized my fatal mistake only too late as she locked the door behind me, and I saw in the mirror she had no reflection.
669	adjudicated	NC-17	After all those years of terror, I finally had the courage to cut my brother's throat in his sleep. While I watch him bleed to death, I'm wondering if they have coffins large enough for conjoined twins.
670	adjudicated	R	Aren't you scared of the serial killer on the loose?' my passenger asked me, just as I noticed a knife in his pocket. 'Well,' I said, slowly reaching for mine, 'don't forget the one that never gets caught.'
671	adjudicated	R	It had fangs, scales and it's arms were crookedly disfigured like undeveloped wings. As my wife lay dying on the birthing bed she uttered, 'I swear it's yours'.
672	adjudicated	PG-13	I asked the genie for a book of future celebrity deaths Every date it the same “October 15 2021”
673	adjudicated	R	When I realised someone much younger to me was stealing my husband, I decided to get rid of her [deleted]
674	adjudicated	PG-13	Someone’s banging on the door outside, begging to be let in. But we’re a crew of 7 living on the international space station, and we are all accounted for.
675	adjudicated	PG-13	My daughter did not win the beauty pageant and was devastated. She wouldn’t stop crying while I traded her for a much better little girl at the orphanage, one who was a sure bet to win next year.
676	adjudicated	R	When I planted the tree, I imagined playing under it with my kids. Not seeing one of them swinging from it.
677	adjudicated	R	While having sex with my girlfriend, I stuck it in the wrong hole I didn't mean to go for her mouth, but for the slash wound I had made in her throat.
678	adjudicated	R	I petted the little puppy in my arms, reading all the praises and compliments after her rescue video reached 1M views on YouTube. With a smile I opened my phone camera, dropped her into the sewer, and started recording once again.
679	adjudicated	PG-13	I woke this morning, joyful that I could see again, throwing my glasses off of my face. Ever since She had ripped my eyes out, I waited for the day they'd grow back.
680	adjudicated	R	[NOV21] The researcher could do nothing but sob as her daughter's hibernation pod was forced open. News reports later stated that the girl's remains were in the suitcase for over five years
681	adjudicated	PG-13	Blood makes up 10% of weight in the body. I just want to be pretty.
682	adjudicated	PG-13	Now Amy, as your psychologist, I'm a friend you can trust and you can tell me openly what that weird man said to you in the park' 'He said that no matter where you'd move, no matter if you blocked his number or changed locks, he'd find a way to get to you, even through a child.'
683	adjudicated	R	My mother claims she's being abused in the aged care home we put her in; from beatings to down right neglect. Good, she's going to know how her children felt all those years ago.
684	adjudicated	R	The family enjoys their milk at the table. Little do they know, it was harvested from my creature.
685	adjudicated	R	All I wanted was a baby,' she whispered to her shocked husband, her hand tightening around the handle of the knife protruding from his chest. She watched his confusion melt into alarmed guilt when, in her other hand, she held up the box of morning after pills he'd been sneaking into her food every morning.
686	adjudicated	PG	I was having fun playing hide and seek with my son, for whom I hid in the wardrobe ... ... until I heard him say, 'I can see your feet!' from the other room.
687	adjudicated	PG-13	I said 'I do' twice in my life. The first time to my wife on the altar, and the second, to the judge, when I acknowledged that the reduced sentence on my guilty plea was conditioned on me showing the police where her body was located.
688	adjudicated	PG-13	The elevator shook violently and something snapped, but nobody screamed in terror as they accelerated towards impending death. After all, how often do elevators fall *up*?
689	adjudicated	R	I thought that the morning my husband murdered me to be with his mistress was the worst day of my existence. Worse still was opening my eyes the next day to the sight of the two of them smiling down at me while the doctor cut the umbilical cord.
690	adjudicated	R	Even though the doctors had told me one of my twins had consumed the other, the last thing I expected was giving birth to bone remains and that fucking thing.
691	adjudicated	PG-13	As I watched the tornado barrel down the field of my grandfather's farm, faster, faster, faster, I realized just how stupid I had been to think I could outrun it to the safety of my family's old cellar. But as I made a sharp turn, feet sliding and slipping in the mud, the tornado sharply turned with me, and I realized, with a chill down my spine, that it wasn't just picking up speed--it was hunting.
692	adjudicated	R	My grandma, a devout Catholic, has always ingrained in me that every life is valuable. I was a bit taken aback when I saw how elated she was at seeing my mother's disfigured body after the suicide.
693	adjudicated	R	I never thought I'd be one to commit Suicide But Falling to my death is preferable to burning alive on the 87th floor.
694	adjudicated	R	She jammed the stake through the vampire's heart as instructed, holding back her tears as she made sure none of the hunters knew about her relationship. It was the only way to protect the fetus in her womb.
695	adjudicated	PG-13	When the Boulder hit me in the head and I didn’t die, it was the first time that I knew for sure that my wish for immorality had come true. As the rest of the landslide buried me, I knew I had made a terrible choice.
696	adjudicated	R	“Please wait! Don’t go!”, I screamed and yelled, my voice drowned out by the roaring of the engines of the last escape spaceship taking off, leaving me behind on the ground. “I’ve made a mistake, it’s in square CENTIMETERS, not inches!”, I cried one last time.
697	adjudicated	PG-13	I told the genie that I would want to never gain weight again I neglected to tell him that I wanted my weight to also change as I got taller and older.
698	adjudicated	PG-13	I saved you, I saved you,' he said as he untied the ropes holding my arms. 'I saved you for last!'
699	adjudicated	R	A teen had a brilliant idea at the party and added the dry ice to the pool. Soon after the pool was filled with bodies of once lively teenagers and a now eerie fog.
700	adjudicated	PG-13	Monsters are scared of the light' I said, handing the flashlight to the child as I tucked them in goodnight. Knowing that those things outside could see the diversion through the window, I made haste towards the garage to start the car.
701	adjudicated	PG	My third wish from the Genie was the ability to read minds. My blood ran cold when the first thing I heard was a series of 0’s and 1’s
702	adjudicated	PG-13	I should call 911, that’s what I should do. But wait, how do I call 911 without fingers?
703	adjudicated	PG	[AUG21] I received daily punishment and ridicule from my crew mates and captain for being the only deaf sailor. [deleted]
704	adjudicated	R	Came home today to find my home a mess and the front door wide open 'Fuck' I thought to myself 'They found their way out'
705	adjudicated	R	As I watched the doctors work to save my daughter from her overdose, only one thing went through my mind. Next time, I should up the dosage.
706	adjudicated	R	It’s been crazy thanksgiving: my brother crashed my dads car, my mom caught my dad on tinder, and then my sister couldn’t find the baby. But it wasn’t until my dotty old grandma took the roasting pan out of the oven that the screaming really started.
707	adjudicated	PG	Everyone stood in awe as they saw the number 10 projected in the sky 9
708	adjudicated	PG-13	I can feel my heart pounding as I follow my daughter's footprints into the woods. The further they are from her wheelchair, the longer the digits they have.
709	adjudicated	R	A middle aged womans body arrives on the table at our morgue, a gaping wide hole in the dead centre of her chest stares at me. Reaching inside to check for the vital organs, I feel something shake my hand.
710	adjudicated	PG-13	I always had the ability to tell peoples future by holding their hand. As I held my daughters hand to cross the road nothing happened, that's when it hit me.
711	adjudicated	PG-13	I got my sister a 'better luck next time' card, and got all of our family to write funny messages on it Watching her collapse to the floor weeping after reading it, made her infant son's funeral all the more enjoyable
712	adjudicated	PG-13	“...and them good old boys were drinkin whiskey and rye, singing this’ll be the day that i die...” As I repeated the lyrics of American Pie one last time, I let out a bitter laugh to my friends and took one last shot of whisky knowing full well we’re not surviving whatever just ripped through the two police officers we called.
713	adjudicated	PG-13	In a world where the date of everyone's death floats above their head, preparing for the end has become much easier. But when everyone on the plane saw their date change to today, they realized that sometimes the only thing you can do to prepare is scream.
714	adjudicated	PG-13	When I was asked to perform maintenance on the space station I laughed at the idea of bringing the gun. As I hurtled through space with my broken tether trailing behind, it dawned on me that the gun wasn't because my crewmates were scared of little green men.
715	adjudicated	PG-13	The first thing you get to do in heaven is watch a highlight reel of your choosing, so i went for 'all the times i nearly died'. I was confused by the days of footage, comprising every moment i was alone with my mother as a child.
716	adjudicated	PG-13	I'm aware that you have spent the last 5 years with debilitating pain that has left you unable to work or function properly. It turns out that you were misdiagnosed, so if you start taking this medication your hormonal imbalance should be fixed and you should be able to get back to normal life within a month!
717	adjudicated	PG-13	“Is mommy and daddy coming down too?” The bunker started shaking as I falsely reassured her that we’ll meet up with them later.
718	adjudicated	PG-13	“The fireworks seem off this year,” my wife commented as the city skyline lit up. I looked at my watch and realized we were still ten minutes from the New Year countdown.
719	adjudicated	PG-13	The monster in the closet wrapped its tendrils around my body. 'I'm scared,' it whispered, and I hugged it tigher as the man with the gun searched for us in my room.
720	adjudicated	PG-13	Little Timmy wanted to be a firefighter when he grew up. However, the fire in hell never goes out, especially for little boys who throw frogs.
721	adjudicated	R	The woman started screaming in my face, as I pointed out to her that she was two hours late to pick up her son I told her it was her own fault for not enrolling her son in a no kill daycare, while attempting to hand over her son's remains
722	adjudicated	R	This strange dead creature washed up on the beach yesterday and we're calling for scientists to come investigate', the mayor said in a press conference. I can't figure out if I'm more bothered by the fact that this 'creature' is obviously two mutilated bodies stitched together or that everyone in town is pretending it's not.
723	adjudicated	R	Baa Baa Black Sheep, Have You Any Wool?' 'Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full,' I told my abductor as he recorded me, after making me shave all the body hair of my dead parents and sister.
724	adjudicated	R	They say that everyone has a guardian angel. As I laid in my cell, chained up and unable to move, I came to the realization that my angel was guarding everyone from me.
725	adjudicated	PG	I love being a pizza delivery guy! It makes it so much easier to get into the houses.
726	adjudicated	PG-13	I couldn't move, breathe, or speak, but I could hear. 'We gather here today, to celebrate the life of a brother, a son, a husband, and a father.'
727	adjudicated	R	Excited that she would soon complete her first hit and would be able to afford that operation she licked her lips in anticipation. He got to the motel room where he was to meet the escort his brother hired for his birthday, only to find a woman dead on the bed foam dripping from her mouth.
728	adjudicated	PG-13	On the set of a horror film production, I was really impressed by the makeup done on the actress who was playing the role of a Demon. I was horrified when the makeup artist later told me that the Demon is actually a full CGI character.
729	adjudicated	PG-13	“I wish the at every person on the planet would become as eco-friendly as possible” I said, grinning confidently at the smirking genie. I stopped grinning as I walked home through streets of people who had dropped dead, their bodies nourishing the starving soil.
730	adjudicated	R	Before pulling the blindfold over my wife's eyes I signed to her 'Stay in the car, your surprise is in the trunk.' I know she can't hear the train but she doesn't need to see it either.
731	adjudicated	PG-13	One last push!' The doctor said,as I laid on the hospital bed. None of us expected a pile of parasites to take place of a child.
732	adjudicated	NC-17	“A tight hold, quick twist, and strong pull are all you need to detach the head efficiently”. The bound man begged for mercy as his ex-wife started to unzip his pants.
733	adjudicated	NC-17	My father always said, “You are young now, but soon you will grow up to be a man.” I struggled against my restraints as he injected me with another vial of testosterone, slowly destroying my goal of being head cheerleader.
734	adjudicated	PG-13	Ever since I went to my friend’s BBQ, I’ve been having body tremors. The doctor said I had a rare disorder called Kuru as I let out a burst of laughter.
735	adjudicated	R	My abortion pills didn’t work when I was carrying my daughter. Now that she’s 30, I keep sneaking them into her food, hoping she’ll die, but it only kills her dreams of motherhood.
736	adjudicated	NC-17	The mother screamed as I ripped the newborn out of her hands, before throwing it to the ground and caving in it's skull with my boot She lay there weeping as I explained to her that she should have carefully read the terms and conditions before agreeing to the new IPhone update
737	adjudicated	PG	I think that long, straight stretches of road are really relaxing and one of the my guilty pleasures. That saying, 15 straight hours of road, with no exits nonetheless, is a bit excessive.
738	adjudicated	PG-13	The name ‘grandma’ made me feel so old the first time I heard it. My daughter cries all the time now, but I’m happy to just be ‘mom’ again.
739	adjudicated	PG	I got cursed that if I ever saw a human again I would die I've been living with my family for 3 weeks and I'm still fine
740	adjudicated	R	My daughter was never good at hide-and-seek, always shouting 'Here I am!' whenever the seeker was nearby. This is why I had to smother her when the Nazis came calling.
741	adjudicated	R	[FEB22] 'I'll take the tiger striped design,' I said to the nail tech. My confusion turned into a scream as she strapped my hands down, and started creating the stripes with pliers.
742	adjudicated	PG-13	My mother always used to tell me that love would set me free. I knew what she meant when my husband tearfully pulled the plug.
743	adjudicated	PG-13	My son shook me awake on the couch yelling “look mommy Santa’s here!” I grew cold at the sight of two rotten, jangly legs inching down from my chimney in the dark.
744	adjudicated	PG-13	When I was young a psychic once looked at me and told me that one day I would lose my faith. Now, as I lay here in the burn center of the hospital on life support I realize that the psychic had a lisp.
745	adjudicated	R	I’ve thought about it, and realized I don’t want to end my life. Not before I kill everyone who ruined it first
746	adjudicated	PG-13	BBBBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.' The industrial fridge's overwhelming buzzing drowned out the trapped young girl's fading screams, while only a few steps away her parents left to join the search party on the 3rd night since reporting her missing.
747	adjudicated	PG-13	I asked my son if he meant to say 'degenerate' instead of 'de-generate.' As my body began to decay and fall apart he muttered under his breath 'I know what I said.'
748	adjudicated	R	I couldn't utter a single word as I stared at the corpse of my beloved cat Mittens, her ears torn-off and her tail missing. 'Remember we talked about pet/owner roleplay?' my boyfriend asked coyly as he took out a needle and thread.
749	adjudicated	PG-13	The delectable smells wafting out of the oven were making me salivate. Ah, the perks of working at a crematorium.
750	adjudicated	R	“Mommy, these snowflakes taste funny!” My son’s words didn’t register as I stared at the mushroom cloud in the distance.
751	adjudicated	PG	My little nephew is scared of me because he says there's a blind, mute, and deaf girl who follows me everywhere I go. After I somehow slowly became blind, he told me the little girl isn't blind anymore.
752	adjudicated	PG-13	With advances in AI, the first machine capable of feeling pain was created in 2030 The first machine capable of *expressing* pain was created 30 years later.
753	adjudicated	R	After 2 weeks of radio silence the recovery team expected they would only find the astronauts' corpses. They did not expect to find their corpses riddled with human bites or the blood-written messages on the walls begging for more.
754	adjudicated	PG-13	Ever since I was little, every person I made physical contact with, I was able to read their thoughts. When I shook my future boss' hand, I recoiled in fear and started to bleed from my eyes.
755	adjudicated	PG-13	I pray our descendants never make the same mistake we did' sighed the astrophysicist, while launching the remaining human embryos towards the last habitable planet. 'If only we had stopped our greenhouse emissions earlier, we could have prevented the extinction on our home planet Venus.'
756	adjudicated	R	I don't want to give up hope that one day some kind soul will save me and my little boy from my abusive monster of a husband. But every time our guests flee the house screaming before I've even opened my mouth to beg, my heart sinks a bit lower, and I wonder in silent tears if perhaps our fates were already sealed the day he beat us to death.
757	adjudicated	PG	“If it wasn’t for you, I would have gone insane by now.” The man smiled warmly at the mirror and then headed off to work.
758	adjudicated	PG	My painting of a sorrowful stone angel went viral on the Internet. Commentors raved about how it looked so real that it could almost walk out of the screen.
759	adjudicated	PG	No one knew why some people just froze in place one day, but we learned to work around them in day to day life. Until they all started screaming.
760	adjudicated	R	I cried as I ate the last mouthful of meat I had. I hope I'm found soon, or I'll have to eat my other leg as well.
761	adjudicated	R	Due to hyperfixation, I decided to time travel back to the 1600s to see what life was like. As the flames licked and crawled up my bound legs, I only wished I had thought of what my nervous tics would look like to the locals.
762	adjudicated	PG-13	After ejecting from the pod and watching the rest of my crew blown to smithereens, I bidded my time and waited for the oxygen to run out in this cold, dark, infinite space. I realized that they weren't kidding about the self-sustainability of the new spacesuit as I stared at the visor that displayed 185D:23H:14M:30S.
763	adjudicated	G	I brush my teeth twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. It usually takes a while though, as I have to get through all 9 sets.
764	adjudicated	R	In my small cabin in the woods, I finally got a bear skin rug that I tracked, killed, skinned, and tanned myself. Like I always say, Gay Bars are the best hunting ground.
765	adjudicated	R	I listened in horror as she told stories of how she was repeatedly beaten and raped My girlfriend had threatened to make me regret splitting up with her, but I never realised how far she would go as I sat silently in the court room
766	adjudicated	R	Losing her forever isn’t the worst part about my sister committing suicide. It‘s the part where I am staring at her lifeless body attached to me as I wait for the inevitable.
767	adjudicated	R	“With females you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”, my old man once said. &#x200B; So when my crush rejected me I made sure to press the barrel of the gun directly against her temple, ensuring 100% accuracy.
768	adjudicated	PG-13	After bouts of feral clawing and pounding, the zombie horde broke through the door and flooded into the bedroom. Inside they found a seven-year-old girl cowering within her bedsheets, as the shadowy monster prowled out of its hiding spot under the bed.
769	adjudicated	PG-13	It has been 50 years since the witch cursed me to die a horribly painful death, and now on my deathbed, I was finally hopeful that I had somehow escaped it. But as my eyes dimmed, and my pulse slowed to a stop, the emptiness surrounding my bed made clear what she meant.
770	adjudicated	PG-13	I was so excited when my family finally decided to play with the dusty old ouija board. Maybe now I can finally tell them that it wasn’t a suicide.
771	adjudicated	PG-13	My friend read somewhere that human flesh tastes like chicken. I'll find out tonight when I have my first chicken.
772	adjudicated	R	He smiled, he had finally gotten rid of the vermin inside her. Although he couldn't take his wife's endless sobbing about her 'miscarriage'.
773	adjudicated	PG-13	I wondered why my father still took me to swim in the lake after my brother drowned. Turns out the lady of the lake took the wrong son.
774	adjudicated	PG-13	I'm not afraid of cementeries because souls only haunts the places where they died. Imagine my horror when I saw my sister's ghost next to her grave.
775	adjudicated	R	Life couldn’t get any worse, so I pulled the trigger of the gun against my head. When I woke up in the hospital and heard the doctors, I realize life could get much worse.
776	adjudicated	PG-13	I again awoke to dozens of children's footprints in the snow around my cabin, and I followed them across the field to the nearest house for miles. While my elderly neighbor chuckled that they hadn't had children in decades, I could hear his wife complaining that her dolls' feet were wet again.
777	adjudicated	PG-13	For forty years, my twin and I did everything the same way. Now that I’m on death’s door, there’s only one more thing to do—and the powder is already in her tea.
778	adjudicated	PG-13	[FEB22] I breath a sigh of relief to be safe in the underground shelter. 'I can't believe I convinced you a tiger escaped a zoo', my friend said as he locks the door with a terrifying smile on his face.
779	adjudicated	PG-13	[Feb22] When we tried to come up with cutesy nickname, my boyfriend called me 'tiger food' which I though was so weird and quirky. Then, one night, I heard a growling in his basement.
780	adjudicated	R	I will fucking stab anyone who gets beteen me and my morning coffee It took 6 people for the office to realize i wasnt joking
781	adjudicated	PG-13	That's my girl!' a loving father said after seeing his 6 year old daughter. 'I am sorry for your loss', the officer said as he zipped up the body bag.
782	adjudicated	R	The spirit of my older brother came to me and told me his death wasn't an accident, pleading for me to avenge him. As daddy slips on the blocks I left on the top of the stairs, my brother smiles and pushes a ball to me in my crib before fading away.
783	adjudicated	PG-13	The machine that I designed to understand animal's thoughts was a complete success However, hearing all of those chimps in cages screaming for help is something that will haunt me for the rest of my days.
784	adjudicated	PG-13	As their only child, mom and dad puts all of their hope onto me. I have to make sure I live up to their expectations or I will be dispose of and replace by another 'only child'.
785	adjudicated	PG-13	For God's sake, Dad, you've told me that story twice already,' I interrupt as his joyful smile wanes. He hasn't, but those care home papers aren't going to sign themselves.
786	adjudicated	R	I know I can't change your sexual orientation, but this way, my daughter, you won't be gay anymore.' The boy woke up to his mother's voice, only to realize something was missing from between his legs.
787	adjudicated	R	“Son, your dad was one mean drunk but he sure had a green thumb,” said the neighbour as he watched me water the roses from the fence. “He still does, mate”, I muttered softly as I ground that bastard’s fingers back into the softened earth under my feet.
788	adjudicated	PG-13	Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a being was stirring, as I started to douse... ...the apartment in petrol, and whispered 'amen', their bodies before me, we're together again.
789	adjudicated	R	The Sunday School teacher ran into the classroom as she screamed, “Abigail, what have you done?!” Abigail stood, smiling, over the bloodied corpses of the other children and said, “I just sent them to Heaven.”
790	adjudicated	R	I couldn’t scream as they cut my appendages off and threw me into the ocean. Floating aimlessly to certain death I began to regret telling that Genie I wished to be a Shark.
791	adjudicated	R	I gagged over the toilet unable to stop but nothing came out anymore. 'Was mom's flesh too much for you?' my sister asked as she ate the rest of the meal.
792	adjudicated	R	I was out in the park again feeding the birds. They really enjoy how he tastes.
793	adjudicated	R	I sighed with relief, sinking down into the warm bubbles after what had easily been the hardest week of my life. After all of the other injuries my captors had inflicted on me, being dissolved alive in acid was welcomed.
794	adjudicated	PG-13	I roll my eyes as another unskippable ad plays on the small screen in my father’s hospital room. “Please Resume Eye Contact With The Advertisement Immediately To Continue Using The Complimentary Life Support Service.”
795	adjudicated	PG-13	A friend of mine had a sip of the immortality elixir, while I drank the rest. She died 10,000 years later…so how much more time do I have left?
796	adjudicated	PG-13	Whenever a member of a spacr crew asks us why there's a steel windshield coming down when they activate the FTL drive, the engineers always give the same answer : 'The glass wouldn't handle the pressure at that speed.' But really, we just want to preserve their sanity by not letting them see what lives past the barrier of light.
797	adjudicated	R	[AUG21] Henry thought that being told to feed the pigs was punishment for what he did. When his father didn’t give him slop and locked the gate behind him, Henry knew it was much worse.
798	adjudicated	G	It is a tradition in our family that we only begin putting out christmas decoration when the first snow starts falling. As the years passed by and our tradition got delayed further every winter I am afraid that we won't celebrate christmas this year at all...
799	adjudicated	PG-13	That meal was quite delicious, but I'm not sure it was worth 200 billion dollars', the man said to the waiter. 'Well sir', the waiter replied, 'you did say you wanted to 'eat the rich''.
800	adjudicated	PG-13	I wasn't really upset that my big sister had a degenerative disease. It was the fact that every time one of her organs failed, I was expected to donate a replacement.
801	adjudicated	PG	“Hello? Is anybody out there?” I called out as I walked through the dark forest After hearing the response I wish I had stayed silent
802	adjudicated	R	He'd been wrongly incarcerated for twenty-seven years until The Innocence Project took up his cause and found evidence that exonerated him. He stepped outside the prison gate, took his first breath as a free man in almost thirty years...and was instantly paralyzed from the neck down by a runaway car.
803	adjudicated	PG-13	I promised myself that I wouldn't starve myself ever again, after I woke up in a hospital bed after passing out from hunger I began to second guess this decision after my mother came in to visit me, and pointed out how the hospital gown makes me look chubby
804	adjudicated	PG-13	Our dairy farm still prints photos of missing children on all our milk cartons. It’s educational for consumers to know what each dairy cow was fed.
805	adjudicated	R	My mother screamed in terror as the cops told her they had found the decapitated corpse of her daughter in the nearby lake. I tried to ignore her cries as I sat on my bed, braiding my sister's hair.
806	adjudicated	PG-13	“Didn’t that guy kill, like, 15 children?” The teenage girl asked her friend “I know right?” Came the giggly, smitten reply.
807	adjudicated	NC-17	With his pleas for help not being taken seriously, Jack felt suicide was the only option left. Instead the bullet left Jack paralyzed, mute and in the care of the woman he was desperately trying to escape.
808	adjudicated	R	I was shocked to have been charged with animal cruelty. Well, I suppose they don’t look human anymore.
809	adjudicated	PG	You always check your child's candy after trick or treating But you never check the child under the mask
810	adjudicated	PG-13	I was devastated when my hands had to be amputated to save my life. I felt worse when I saw the surgeon wearing them like gloves.
811	adjudicated	PG-13	It almost feels like Christmas except I've got no eggnog. Thankfully, I can just milk some more from my creature.
812	adjudicated	PG-13	I press my eye against the telescopic lens, fumbling with the frame to adjust it in the direction of the hottest star. Then, with a bang, she drops dead on the stage and all of her band members run for cover in helpless panic.
813	adjudicated	PG-13	After fifty years of blissful marriage, I would have never thought my wife would abandon me broken and bedridden. As the days passed and my hunger grew unbearable, I crawled to the top of the stairs to see that she had, in fact, never left.
814	adjudicated	PG-13	I hate it when the neighborhood kids mess up my floral garden. The roses help dilute the smell of the rotten corpse beneath.
815	adjudicated	PG	I used my first wish to become a billionaire, and I used my second one to find out what happens after death. I was planning to use my 3rd wish to free my genie, but instead I used it to become immortal.
816	adjudicated	PG	Coming home late to find my wife already asleep, I climbed into bed, wrapped my arms around her and held her close. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I saw her tear-streaked face through the cracked closet door, mouthing for me to run.
817	adjudicated	PG	I squeeze my wife tight and inhale the perfect moment. It's enough to keep me going as I save my progress, log out, and get ready for another day wage-slavery, customer abuse, and vending-machine meals.
818	adjudicated	PG	I wish my worst enemy was dead,' I told the genie, after spending a month deciding what my first would be. I didn't even hear him say 'granted' before oblivion took me.
819	adjudicated	PG-13	They say Jack the Ripper was a notorious serial killer in London. I'm flattered, but my name isn't Jack.
820	adjudicated	PG-13	Professor Lupin was confused when the boggart turned into his students father. He had to step in when it took off its pants.
821	adjudicated	R	You guys wanna see a dead body?' he asked innocently to his group of friends. As all his friends followed him to the alley intrigued, he grabbed the gun from behind the dumpster, aimed it to his head with a smile, and pulled the trigger.
822	adjudicated	R	I'm sorry, both of your eyes are gone from the accident,' the doctor said. I didn't know how to tell him that I can still see.
823	adjudicated	PG-13	Forced to kneel on the ground, I used all my might to toss my head backwards, hoping to hit my kidnapper's stomach. I realised too late that he had pointed a knife at the back of my head.
824	adjudicated	PG-13	“It’s a girl!” the nurse exclaimed, as he handed her to me. But if I’m holding her, why can I still feel the kicking?
825	adjudicated	PG-13	My son always screams like a wounded animal when we cut his hair,' we told the psychiatrist, hoping for guidance. Several tests and doctors later, guilt brings me to my knees, when the genetic specialist describes the believed to be unique condition of live nerve endings in the boy's hair.
826	adjudicated	PG-13	The engine died as my ship slowed, drifting aimlessly Through tears, I thanked Mission Control for packing a cyanide pill
827	adjudicated	PG-13	Routine Every morning, I give my wife and daughter a kiss before I go to work. After I got into my car and licked my lips, I realized that they were finally starting to rot.
828	adjudicated	R	They sealed up my body bag, with my air straw poking through the plastic. As they hefted me into the wet sand, I prayed that the tide would drown me before the creatures they had put inside of me hatched
829	adjudicated	R	Every morning, I have a new face. Whoever keeps leaving those in my bed, please stop.
830	adjudicated	PG-13	“The seemingly immortal beings that absorb electricity as their power source are killing civilians by the hundred” was the last thing I heard before my dad switched the TV off. And that’s when I realised he wasn’t anywhere near the remote.
831	adjudicated	NC-17	King Midas turned all he touched into gold, until he reversed the curse by washing his hands in the river Pactolus. On returning to his palace only to hear screams and see wet misshapen blobs of flesh wriggle out of the treasury, he realized it was a terrible idea to have his wives and daughters melted down and cast into ingots.
832	adjudicated	PG-13	I woke up during surgery. It took a while before I figured out why I had a scalpel in my hand.
833	adjudicated	PG-13	“Dad why are you holding your thumb up like that?” “We need to get to the bunker now!”
834	adjudicated	R	Dragging my young daughter by the hand, explosions everywhere, it felt like we were gonna make it. I yelled out; a couple more meters sweetie, only to look back and see I was dragging a limb without a body.
835	adjudicated	R	You're overreacting,' I said to my partner, after our son swallowed a quarter. However we both started screaming when his eyes lit up and a stream of coins started spewing from his mouth.
836	adjudicated	R	Our patient wouldn't stop screaming as we began surgery 'I can't bear this anymore, we should start using anesthetics' said my assistant.
837	adjudicated	PG-13	The villagers cheered upon discovering the terrible beast slain. But when none of the hunters laid their claim, it became evident that the creature had a natural predator.
838	adjudicated	NC-17	“It’s okay, let it all out” I comforted my son, my hands cradling his wet face as he sobbed. I watched helplessly as his tears began to run red with chunks of flesh falling out of every hole in his face until all I was holding was his deflated skin hung loosely around bones.
839	adjudicated	PG-13	The graffiti on the crushed church wall read, “GODISNOWHERE”. As I stand in the rubble and ash of the city, I’m not sure how to read it or which way is more terrifying to consider.
840	adjudicated	R	“It’s actually more common than you think for a twin to consume the other during pregnancy.” The doctor said as we walked toward the delivery room. “It is however the first time one of the twins has also absorbed the host.” He continued, gesturing towards the hollow corpse that once was my wife.
841	adjudicated	PG-13	As I laid there gasping from exhaustion, I smiled as I heard my newborn's first cry. But as the doctor announced the arrival of my daughter to the King Henry, I knew my life is about to end.
842	adjudicated	PG-13	She was already asleep when he got home so he tucked her in, gulped down her unfinished night cap and switched off the bedside light. As he got into his side of the bed, a note fell from the bed, he began to read “I promise it was painless….”
843	adjudicated	PG-13	The anaesthetist pulled down his mask momentarily, looked me in the eye, and I recognise him as the husband of the woman I’d been seeing. With broad smile he crooned “you can make your first incision doctor, he’s out, …” as I desperately tried to signal I wasn’t.
844	adjudicated	PG-13	Honey! It's lagging again!' I shouted while turning the power on and off. But no matter how many times I flick the light switch, my reflection is always one second slower.
845	adjudicated	R	I looked over at my daughter and couldn't believe how chubby she had gotten, so decided that she needed to go on a diet I could hear her crying in her crib as she wanted her milk, but knew that I would just be enabling her if I gave her food
846	adjudicated	R	My doctor is brilliant, any cosmetic surgery I ask for he does; nose job, gastric band, tummy tuck I'm glad I found a doctor who can help my little girl.
847	adjudicated	R	[SEP21] I'm nervous about changing clothes in the locker room after phys-ed because I'm afraid the other kids will point and laugh at me. Like, how am I supposed to explain all of these bruises from my father's belt?
848	adjudicated	R	I stared at the empty pot of coffee and tried not to acknowledge the faceless woman crouched on the counter. We both knew that sooner than later, I would need to sleep.
849	adjudicated	PG-13	I was told by an anonymous stranger that there would be seven dead bodies if I went to a specific set of coordinates. Once I had arrived, I was confused to only see six of them.
850	adjudicated	PG-13	I don't want to see you any more, I hope you understand,' I said, reaching across the coffee shop table in what I hoped was a gesture of conciliation. As her eyes flashed and she launched herself at me, teaspoon in hand, I realised that she had not completely understood, and that she had a loophole in mind.
851	adjudicated	PG-13	While working in the prison kitchen, I asked the guard if I should remove the skin off the meat before cooking it. 'Just the ones with tattoos.'
852	adjudicated	R	While in this killer's sick game, I failed to find the key in under minute and was forced to hear my son's screams while he was burned alive inside his cage. The killer then reappeared in the TV saying, 'And you didn't think to search your pockets'.
853	adjudicated	R	As it turns out, every time I die, I go back in time 10 seconds to try and prevent my death. The fall from the building was about 11 seconds.
854	adjudicated	PG-13	I finnaly finished my biography, so I happily added 'the end'. Then, everything started getting dark..
855	adjudicated	PG-13	The human race cheered when the billionaires returned with news of a new Super Earth, and we boarded their space crafts gratefully. Little did we know that the billionaires had sold 99 percent of us as food to the aliens already occupying the planet in exchange for access to it, and that was where we were heading.
856	adjudicated	PG-13	He leaned in, deepening the kiss and slithering his tongue against mine. He keeps going and now I can feels his tongue slithering down my throat.
857	adjudicated	PG-13	It hasn't stopped snowing. It has been three long years and the entire Earth is still snowing, and we don't know why or what to do.
858	adjudicated	R	In his final moments, the old man asked Death if he could see how his daughter’s life would turn out. A gun raised to her head and the trigger pulled, unable to overcome the decades of her father’s abuse.
859	adjudicated	R	The old woman shakily scribbled “Get well soon” on my body cast in the shared hospital room. Crawling back into her bed next to mine, she forced the feeding tube back down her throat with a wide smile and returned to her comatose state.
860	adjudicated	PG-13	To prevent my children from dying of starvation I cut a bit of myself to feed them. The poison I drank a while ago should be strong enough to kill them immediately.
861	adjudicated	PG-13	The cleaner looks up from her mopping as there‘s a knock on the door of the cemetery chapel. With the next knock she realizes it’s not from the door.
862	adjudicated	PG-13	Waking up in the hospital he realised his father had been right. He really couldn't commit to anything.
863	adjudicated	R	A little puff of glitter shot into the air and I laughed. I continued pouring the fine dust into the helpless man's throat as he coughed.
864	adjudicated	PG-13	I never believed in ghosts until I became one. Now that I watch my murderer living a happy life, unable to haunt or even appear before him, I learn that the thing I shouldn't believe in is justice.
865	adjudicated	PG-13	The frantic knocking just wouldn't stop, so I finally rushed over to my front door and threw it open to find Death himself looming over me. At first, I thought he was there for me, until I saw the horrified look in his eyes and the colossal shadow behind him.
866	adjudicated	PG-13	I didn't mean it' I screamed, trying to get out of the circle formed around me, begging for mercy. The circle of people only tightened, their angry faces and eyes tightening, yet they still wouldn't speak.
867	adjudicated	PG-13	My heart sunk when the doctors gave me the result on my Scizophrenia testings. The tests were negative, THEY are real.
868	adjudicated	R	But I never even met him!' she protested. 'I'm sorry my love, it's tradition' I sobbed, as I led my widowed nine year old to her husband's grave.
869	adjudicated	PG	As I reach for the jar of pickles from the fridge I notice one of them squirming around
870	adjudicated	PG-13	I opened my mouth to warn my twin about the man behind her Then I remembered that my laptop was off
871	adjudicated	PG-13	I'm really sorry I have to go, my Dad's over there waiting' I answered. To this day I wonder, would I have still been able to arrive home if he knew that was a lie.
872	adjudicated	PG-13	I could never bring myself to hurt a child because their screams would be too much to handle. But these noise-canceling headphones have changed everything.
873	adjudicated	PG-13	Through hard work and determination, I've been clean now for 3 weeks! After all, I missed the voices; they're the only ones who truly understand me, unlike the doctors.
874	adjudicated	PG-13	My bamboo garden is turning out to be more profitable than I would have thought. The secrets from the soldiers I’m torturing are worth a lot on the black market.
875	adjudicated	R	I was in my car late at night, when it broke down due to lack of gas. I hadn't eaten dinner yet, so I ate the first person who came to help.
876	adjudicated	PG-13	I asked my wife why she kept looking for a grey car at the parking lot while ours is blue As she stared at me with her bright blue eyes that should be green, I started running to catch a bus.
877	adjudicated	PG-13	After many years my prayers for everyone on Earth to turn vegan were answered. After five days most had completed their bovine transition but still 11 days later I can occasionally hear the screams of someone as they go through the final stages of their mutation.
878	adjudicated	PG-13	My family has a mirror that shows how you'll look in one year. Tomorrow marks a year since I've last seen my reflection.
879	adjudicated	PG-13	I never understood why some people are afraid of the dark. Like, come on, I’m here with you too.
880	adjudicated	PG-13	The man stared as each of his friends blissfully went off the ship with beautiful women. He had hated being the only deaf member of the crew but now he cried and thanked the gods for his disability.
881	adjudicated	PG-13	My friend showed me a gore video that he said was absolutely disgusting I tried to fake some emotion as I had already seen it before, but in person
882	adjudicated	PG-13	The Fat kid in school went missing last week. Until today when the Lunchlady was arrested for 'inappropriate disposal of a body'.
883	adjudicated	PG-13	Years ago while working on a very special project, an Engineer typed a one instead of a zero. As man fell to the Robot horde, no one would live long enough to discover the ability to feel hatred came down to a single typo.
884	adjudicated	PG-13	I desperately tried to find the wedding ring, knowing that my husband would get very angry if I didn't. I had promised that I would never leave evidence in a crime scene again.
885	adjudicated	R	I looked down at a clot I passed while on my period. I didn’t think much of it until it started moving.
886	adjudicated	PG-13	Mistress tied me down on the bed and told me not to move while she went to make herself some dinner. I waited excitedly until I heard the smoke alarm go off and the front door open then close.
887	adjudicated	PG-13	15 years ago, documents revealing all the atrocities done by the people in power were released to the public. Since then, nothings changed.
888	adjudicated	PG-13	Following the sound of the child's crying, I make my way further into the cave. I feel my guide line suddenly go slack and, as my torch begins to flicker out, the crying slowly turns to laughter.
889	adjudicated	PG-13	Do not fear earthlings, we have been studying human nature and human history to better assimilate with your kind. We will simply treat you the same way you have historically treated natives that you perceived as technologically inferior when entering new lands
890	adjudicated	R	When the blood starts piercing the surface thats when you know the steak is medium rare.. I watched helplessly as Gordon was searing what was once my thigh muscle
891	adjudicated	PG-13	I don't know what I expected to find when I began studying the Earth to learn more about its core. But I can guarantee I didn't expect to find the stomach just a few miles deep, and the real reason why we bury our dead.
892	adjudicated	PG-13	As I was dunking the man in the church creek for baptism I recognized him as the one who had terrorized my niece. I put him under, baptizing him, in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit, and Mary and Joseph and the Twelve Apostles, and every other holy name I could think of, until he finally stopped twisting and jerking under the water.
893	adjudicated	R	I will always love you mom' I said as I tied the noose around my neck and kicked the chair from under my feet. ' I will always love you too' she said as she stood there watching me from the corner of the room, in the shadows.
894	adjudicated	PG	The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout. Writhing in pain as the wasp ate it inside-out.
895	adjudicated	PG	I walked into the church to confess my sins. Halfway to the alter I saw each statue adorning the walls turns its head to look away from me.
896	adjudicated	PG-13	My wife had been having an affair, and yesterday I decided that I couldn’t take it any more so I sent her to be with him. With mail delays the way they are right now, I hope he can still recognize her head when he opens the first box.
897	adjudicated	NC-17	he bashed the baby over and over with a hammer why wouldn’t it stop laughing?
898	adjudicated	PG-13	Someone kept breaking into my apartment and scribbling occult symbols on the walls. I decided to fight weird with weird by summoning a demon, but it screamed and fled back to hell at the sight of my cat.
899	adjudicated	PG-13	Everyone always talks about “skeletons in the closet”. What do I do if a skeleton comes out of the closet? (Urgent)
900	adjudicated	PG	My name is Julia, and I'm extremely grateful that I get to live as a normal girl. You see, my parents are developmental psychologists, and they'd named my twin sister Control.
901	adjudicated	PG-13	My wife's murderer was never convicted despite an overwhelming amount of evidence left at the scene of the crime. Maybe now our marriage counsellor will finally believe me when I tell her I don't get credit for anything no matter what I do.
902	adjudicated	R	My 6 month old son just won’t stop screaming. I thought breaking his neck would stop it but he just keeps going.
903	adjudicated	R	I wished for the entire world to feel the way I do. Judging by the mass suicides, most people can't seem to handle it as well as I can.
904	adjudicated	R	The detective didn't know what was worse, having to cut down the suicide victim... ...or the clawing at her throat showing she had changed her mind.
905	adjudicated	PG-13	Fortunately, the nuclear bombs that dropped did not wipe out the human race Unfortunately, I can count all 12 survivors on a single hand
906	adjudicated	PG-13	If you’re reading this, the operation failed. Although we’ve figured out how to project messages into your dreams, we haven’t figured out how to wake you from this decades-long coma you fell into after the surgery and we will have to remove your life support now.
907	adjudicated	PG-13	My girlfriend collapsed to the ground screaming after I plunged the knife into her leg I felt a pang of guilt but it was the only way I could think of guaranteeing my survival, as the horde of undead were right behind us
908	adjudicated	PG-13	I have schizophrenia, I cope with it by killing the monsters my mind creates. When the paranormal investigators arrived, I realised I didn't actually have schizophrenia.
909	adjudicated	PG-13	Ever since I can remember, I've tried to spot my reflection looking at me in the mirror. One time I caught her looking away and she shrieked then hit the mirror so hard strange cracks spiderwebbed across my room.
910	adjudicated	PG-13	I wasn’t scarred when the random guy online posted my location. Unlike me he doesn’t have details like which doors he forgets to lock or how long it would take for the police to arrive at his house.
911	adjudicated	PG-13	I sat alone in the darkness, waiting for someone to come and fix the elevator, when I heard the guard's voice over the intercom. 'Don't worry, someone will be there soon to get you both out'
912	adjudicated	PG-13	I finally moved into the half of the duplex I was looking into buying, and I found it weird that there was a hole in the bathroom wall. When I looked through it, I saw my neighbor standing in a bathroom that looked exactly like mine, and he was dressed exactly like me.
913	adjudicated	PG-13	My abusive husband is so scared of me poisoning him that he makes me eat two bites from his plate every time we sit at the dinner table. If only he knew I'd been taking a drop of poison with every meal of mine for the past 3 years to build immunity, all for his last meal tonight-- that I'll be happy to share with him.
914	adjudicated	R	My mom always say, 'Capture a man's heart through his stomach.' Even after five years of keeping and feeding my crush my homemade meals all he say is, 'Let me go.'
915	adjudicated	NC-17	Police arrived at a block of flats after receiving multiple reports of a tall man coated head to toe in black grease assaulting women in the shower, before inexplicably escaping through the shower drain. They found the man's crushed, mangled body oozing out from a burst pipe at the void deck, the soap in the bathwater having washed off the magical grease on his body.
916	adjudicated	R	My next-door neighbours have been charged with child endangerment after their 11-year-old daughter was found locked in a cage in the basement. Being the person that built the cage, I feel sorry for the people looking after her, she hits puberty soon.
917	adjudicated	PG-13	I thought it was cute and funny that my dad treated our dog like me. When I told my friends, however, they were confused and said their dads never locked them in cages.
918	adjudicated	PG	I'm sorry, this just isn't working out,' he said grimly. I nodded and held his hand as we silently watched the water bubble up against the patchwork job and slowly fill the bottom of the lifeboat.
919	adjudicated	PG-13	My husband kept wanting to spice things up in the bedroom He didn’t seem so happy when I poured sriracha all over his balls
920	adjudicated	PG	My last wish is to live forever' I said to the Genie. The last thing I saw was the mischievous grin he gave in my body while I went into the lamp.
921	adjudicated	PG-13	Powerless, I watched my son giggling and running in the distance. Holding his hand and leading him towards the train track, was a copy of me, giving me the most chilling smile I have ever seen.
922	adjudicated	NC-17	[AUG21] The tooth fairy traced the scent to the boy’s stomach and realized the idiot child had swallowed a tooth in his sleep. She shrugged— she hated to dirty her claws by digging, but the boy simply had to be punished.
923	adjudicated	R	The poor, abused woman was so grateful I’d dug up the coffin before she suffocated. I knew I should’ve stuck to sneaking into the morgue for action.
924	adjudicated	PG-13	Desiring to be a real-life Spider-Man, I slowly lowered the irradiated arachnid onto my arm and allowed it to sink its teeth into my skin. But now, as my face is opening up to make room for six extra eyes and I have an uncanny craving for live animals, my regret is welling up inside of me.
925	adjudicated	PG-13	I finally relented, allowing my husband to take our son to his high stakes poker game. When my husband came home alone, I realized I should have had him define 'high stakes' before they left.
926	adjudicated	R	My landlord told me our building had a severe rat problem. As his goons smashed my knees in, I regretted talking to the police deeply.
927	adjudicated	PG-13	We were cheering 13000 meters down, having found a new deepest point of the ocean. But now we've been surfacing for 15000 meters and we're still in the abyssal zone.
928	adjudicated	PG-13	A tear rolled down my cheek as I witnessed my wife give birth to my healthy daughter As I disappeared again, I wondered If she would ever pay a visit to her father's grave
929	adjudicated	PG-13	It was a torrid love affair between Teacher and Student, but I was afraid we'd be found out after all of the one on one training, so I had to silence her permanently. On the plus side, there is a new opening at the Obedience School and we're always looking for new puppies.
930	adjudicated	R	I had my cat for five years, and he was never really cuddly, until tonight, when he jumped on my lap on his own for the first time ever, and fell asleep. It was a lovely moment, until his belly bursted open and hundreds of worms poured on my legs, trying to get under my skin.
931	adjudicated	PG-13	After months of relentless torture, I thought my suffering would finally end after my captor got bored and killed me. As my memories come back to me, I am filled with remorse and dread, knowing I still have 23 more of my victims’ lives to relive.
932	adjudicated	PG-13	I didn't regret using my last wish for immortality even after the last star in the universe faded to nothing a trillion years ago. Because I used my second wish to find out what happens after death, and spending an eternity in the uncaring void of a dead universe was by far the better option.
933	adjudicated	PG-13	I was certain which was the imposter now that I saw them standing side by side. But as my last bullet passed straight through his doppelgängers torso, I realised shooting my real brother would have been the kinder choice.
934	adjudicated	PG-13	Killing me won't bring back your damn dog', said the bound man. 'You couldn't be more wrong', I said as I made the final preparations for the necromancy ritual.
935	adjudicated	R	I decided to surprise my husband with some early morning sex after discovering that he had morning wood The paramedic later explained to me that my husband died overnight and his erection was likely caused by rigor mortis
936	adjudicated	R	Jeff, you idiot, I told you that's not how bleach works!' I scolded my son as he doused his eyes with it, desperate to unsee what I had done to his mother.
937	adjudicated	R	The drag queen put on her hair, face, and boobs before the show. The crowd gasped when she walked onto the stage, dressed in a sequined gown and the rotting flesh of her victim.
938	adjudicated	PG-13	So do you want me or my little sister?' she pouted, flaunting herself to the two males Death sighed and said 'I'm here for your sister, Satan is here for you after what you've done......'
939	adjudicated	PG-13	The first indication that something was terribly wrong with our planet was the vast number of fish we found washed up on the shores. Numerous tests revealed that all the fish had died by drowning.
940	adjudicated	PG-13	Something with my face is stalking me, please send help', was the text I just received from my brother, dated five days earlier. I thought about how he had just said at dinner an hour earlier that his camping trip had been totally uneventful.
941	adjudicated	PG-13	“Sweetie, it’s daddy, let me in!” The voice outside kept calling and something kept knocking on the door, but it makes no sense considering Im in a 1man capsule orbiting Earth.
942	adjudicated	PG-13	After shooting the doppelgänger; I ran towards my husband with open arms, “I love you josh..” I mumbled as I cried into his shoulder. “I’m sure he loved you to”
943	adjudicated	PG	The kids decided to play doctor. Nobody realized they could reach the medicine cabinet.
944	adjudicated	PG-13	The cop just told me that he was gonna have to write me a ticket for driving alone in the carpool lane. He’s gonna feel do stupid when he checks the trunk.
945	adjudicated	PG-13	The psychic said that I would drown at the age of 17, so I avoided bodies of water for that year. I thought I was in the clear until, just a few hours before the day of my birthday, I heard the tsunami warning.
946	adjudicated	PG-13	[AUG21] As punishment for making fun of a homeless man the other day, my mom is making me sleep in the cold garage for a night. But jokes on her, I snagged her keys and I'm already getting sleepy in the nice warm car.
947	adjudicated	PG-13	[OCT21] My abusive boyfriend got a part-time job at a local carnival in the balloon-shooting game. My .22 rifle looks so much like a BB gun that before he even realized who I was, I'd already squeezed the trigger.
948	adjudicated	PG-13	I was watching a CCTV recording of someone breaking into my house a couple days ago, while I was on vacation. Then I realized, there was not one recording of him leaving the house.
949	adjudicated	PG-13	As I woke up from my surgery, I could hear someone yelling. “You idiot! How did you manage to amputate the wrong arm?!”
950	adjudicated	PG-13	Honey, I'm pregnant!' she exclaimed, tears of happiness pricking the corners of her eyes. I rubbed the tender bruises on my arms and I felt my heart sink, knowing that now she'd always have something to hold over me.
951	adjudicated	PG-13	The GPS is telling me there’s a major accident on the road ahead, but I don’t see one. Maybe it’s just my phone, let me see if it’s-
952	adjudicated	PG-13	[DAY 52 RECORDING] Oxygen preservation will last me one more day, goodbye everyone. [DAY 175 RECORDING] I&)-(/$:&:@:CANT:@/)/)(/:&;&;@DIE-@/@/$:)
953	adjudicated	PG-13	We had a warm autumn Saturday together, so I let my 6-year-old daughter bury me under a mountain of leaves. After I lifted myself out, I could only look around in confusion, never imagining that would be the last day I would ever see her.
954	adjudicated	PG-13	Did you finish outlining all the bodies? Sir, we.....ran out of chalk.
955	adjudicated	PG-13	The patient was dead for five minutes before I revived him. He sat up with red eyes, examined his hands and in a low growl said: 'This body will do.'
956	adjudicated	PG-13	I just wish kids would stop daring each other to go to the graveyard at night. I really think I'm starting to get fat...
957	adjudicated	PG-13	The Devil grabbed my wife by her hair and started dragging her away from me. 'You remember the deal, your first born child is mine.'
958	adjudicated	PG-13	Aboard the ISS, we watch as time speeds up on Earth, so that a year passes with every 90 minute orbit. As years pass new structures are built, new technologies are launched, and on the night side of the 25th orbit, every light goes out, every city goes dark, and the sun rises to reveal a fate worse than death for every living thing below.
959	adjudicated	PG	AITA for finding my (37M) wife's (36F) lip fillers disgusting? [deleted]
960	adjudicated	PG-13	The prophecy said the world would end on October 14th, 2022. Horrified, I finally realized why when the doctor confirmed my due date.
961	adjudicated	PG-13	Hey Tom, pass that over here,' said the large balding guy. 'I hate it when they call me that,' she thought.
962	adjudicated	R	I told my daughter that if she drank her milk, she would get strong bones She seemed a bit enthusiastic at first, and then I handed them to her and she started screaming
963	adjudicated	PG-13	I lightly ran my fingers down the base of her spine as her body curved gently from the sensation. Thankfully she didn’t wake up and scream, alerting her family to my presence.
964	adjudicated	PG-13	After my miscarriage, I’ve been so grateful for my other daughter Even if she doesn’t know she’s mine yet
965	adjudicated	PG-13	I'd been digging for hours, never doubting my brother's insistence that there was buried treasure to be found. It wasn't until I saw him pull out his revolver that I realized I had been digging my own grave.
966	adjudicated	PG-13	I had finally beaten the final boss on the game, which was something that no one had ever done before! It told me 'Thank you for freeing my spirit, but now you will take my place until someone beats you as well!'
967	adjudicated	R	I eat my wife to prove her a liar As the agonizing screams came from within my stomach I came to the realization that she was indeed imortal.
968	adjudicated	PG-13	Having lived my entire life on the mountain, I paced towards the sea, giggling as it ran away from me. Only when the sirens went off, I realized that maybe it wasn’t meant to move this way.
969	adjudicated	PG-13	In frustration, I threw my chair at the man on the large monitor. My execution date is set in August.
970	adjudicated	PG	I asked my friend where he was driving us, and he said we were going bowling. Little did I know, our car was the ball, and the 10 people lined up on the highway were the pins.
971	adjudicated	PG-13	Aren't they beautiful?' I said to my girlfriend, lying back, gazing at the sea of stars above. I heard a sharp inhale next to me as my girlfriend was filled with unimaginable horror and she spoke; 'They're.... eyes.'
972	adjudicated	R	My boyfriend died, but his body was mutilated so I couldn't even see his face one last time. It took me a few years to find people with the right features, but it won't be long before he's reassembled.
973	adjudicated	PG-13	Human sleep for about 1/3 of their life, so I asked the genie if I can sleep for that amount of time and be awake for the rest of my life. I was horrified when I only slept in till noon the next day.
974	adjudicated	NC-17	My (36F) daughter (10F) is rather chubby, so I’m trying to get her to lose weight. Wiring her mouth shut and feeding her through a straw has made her lose a lot of weight, but the wires are tough and her lips have fused together so I’m starting to think I might be the asshole here?
975	adjudicated	PG-13	Having been blind from birth, I was so grateful that a new procedure had restored my sight and would, at last, allow me to see the faces of my children I had only ever heard. “Children?”, the doctors asked, alarmed…”you don’t have any children”.
976	adjudicated	PG-13	The terrified girl took out a gun and fires at one of the robber as she heard the other robber screamed. 'Amy stop! It was just a prank!'
977	adjudicated	PG-13	The white figure flapped in the midst of the rice field. I didn’t think much of it until my brother, who had stared it down with worry in his eyes, started laughing and flapping too.
978	adjudicated	PG-13	I have a super power that instantly teleports me away from all danger. And one bright day, I teleported to another planet.
979	adjudicated	PG-13	Trapped in the cave system and suffering from oxygen deprivation, I began to hear voices calling out from the depths, pleading for me to join them in the darkness below. That was bad enough, but I reached the surface a week ago, and I can still hear them.
980	adjudicated	PG-13	At 18, a soulmate string appears that points in the direction of your soulmate. There are no planes in the night sky and yet my string is vertical.
981	adjudicated	PG-13	My phone alerted me it’s at 5% so I open the photos app… …knowing this will be the last chance I’ll get to see my kids ever again.
982	adjudicated	PG-13	As the apartment fell silent, I was relieved that my wife was finally able to soothe our baby after hours of non-stop crying. It was soon replaced with dread as all I could hear was the wind coming in through the open balcony door.
983	adjudicated	PG-13	Whenever I'm in a crowded area like a restaurant, I like to think 'I know you're reading my thoughts' and look around to see if anyone reacted. I wasn't expecting for the room to go silent as everyone turned toward me.
984	adjudicated	PG-13	Do you think theres hope we'll make it out?' my buddy said, as we observed the stars. I glanced down at my almost empty oxygen tank, not having the heart to tell him my time was near.
985	adjudicated	PG-13	I was trembling too much to lockpick correctly, and the safety pin tumbled from my hand and flew under the locked door. To my horror the long fingers of my abductor slid the bent pin back beneath, as he breathed: “*Try again*.”
986	adjudicated	PG-13	I was nervous to visit my boyfriend’s house for the first time, since he told me his mother is overprotective of him. She jokingly said “Sorry dear, but he’s mine” as she firmly grabbed his thigh, but I couldn’t help but notice how uncomfortable he looked when she touched him.
987	adjudicated	PG-13	I never used to believe in the paranormal. Now that I aimlessly roam these hospital corridors I've been converted
988	adjudicated	PG-13	This is my last transmitted message: Something horrific is coming this way, prepare yourselves for the apocalypse.' The cosmonaut's message had reached Earth, but it was 50 years too late as the Earth had already gone to hell, ravaged by a cosmic horror.
989	adjudicated	PG-13	“Wear red in your next video if you need help,” the comment said This was the fifth time I had used a color to call for help, the response was always “She’s doing it for attention”
990	adjudicated	PG-13	The year is 2054, all forms of currency and transactions are stored in a digital wallet that is scanned through facial recognition As I entered the dark alleyway, two men threatened me with guns and handed me a carving knife - 'this is a robbery'.
991	adjudicated	R	When the war ended, we planted strawberry seeds all over the no-man's-land between our warring sides. When the sparkling berries beckoned our old enemy's children in the summer sun, they quickly realized we never removed the mines.
992	adjudicated	PG-13	A couple months ago, I made an attempt to end my life, severely upsetting my family. Which is weird because since I tried, they act like I'm not even there.
993	adjudicated	R	I am so happy we'll be together forever', he said, carrying her, in a wedding dress, through the doorframe. As a moan of dispair comes through her stiched lips, she can do nothing but wish she never accepted that ride back home from her new co-worker
994	adjudicated	PG-13	I found a website that predicts the deaths of celebrities The funny thing is, after a certain point all the names display the same date, “25/8/2025”
995	adjudicated	R	My father told me that my body changing was part of growing up, and that I should embrace it I could tell he was trying his best to reassure me, but I could see the fear on his face as he gazed down at the eyeball peering out from the tip of my penis
996	adjudicated	PG-13	Overcome by morbid curiosity, I click on the stream titled “NSFW Actual Murder LIVESTREAM!” Man, I really have lost a lot of hair in the back, huh?
997	adjudicated	PG	My grandpa always told me how deers were a plague in America and how much deer he managed to kill among the years After his death and the discovery of his WW II stuff, we understood that 'deer' was just a codename...
998	adjudicated	PG	The heavy breathing was coming from my closet. That would have been nice to know before I chose my hiding spot.
999	adjudicated	PG	My landlord told me the building had a huge rat problem With the six foot figure standing at the end of my bed, I realize he didn’t mean in quantity
1000	adjudicated	PG-13	I always thought that those “Heather is 2 miles away” ads on porn sights were just viruses. It wasn’t until the creature showed up at my house, did I realize that they were warnings.