501	alexa	PG-13	I told my daughter about my past life and that I was killed then my daughter said 'Who would have thought that we would meet again'
502	alexa	PG-13	A small team of human scientists was sent to mars. A small team of scientists returned to earth.
503	alexa	PG	We all heard the egg crack open. But by then it was too late to run
504	alexa	PG	Normally hoofprints in the snow in December is a jolly, fun sight. They are less festive the morning of December 6th, while your parents frantically search the house for your little brother.
505	alexa	PG-13	I opened up a pretty successful burger stand, and in doing so I’m really helping the community out a lot. The people get their yummy burgers, and the homeless population is decreasing.
506	alexa	R	You're just like your mother' He said while holding the blood soaked skull of his daughter.
507	alexa	R	I cradled my children close to me as the poison did its work. As they both took their last shallow breaths, a breaking news report announced that the impossible had been achieved and the asteroid had been successfully knocked off course.
508	alexa	R	As I wake next to my twin in our womb, it occurs to me that some species of shark eat their siblings before they’re born as a means of natural selection, and the mother doesn’t notice or care. I don’t know who let a shark in here or if our mother knows or cares, but I’d love to know which of us is being selected.
509	alexa	R	In accordance with my wishes, I was cremated and the ashes scattered to the four winds. After decades of individual particles painfully reattaching themselves, I had regained enough consciousness to realize the Devil wasn't done with me yet.
510	alexa	R	We finally found the school bus full of the missing 10 year old children at the very top of the mountain where no cars or buses could reach. All that was left of them was 60 neatly folded piles of skin.
511	alexa	PG	My mom said she throw away all the thing on my desk in my workshop because it is too messy. I watched in horror as the garbage truck drove away with all the sample of potentially dangerous microorganisms.
512	alexa	PG-13	I can't find Mommy, but this nice lady in the white dress says she can take me home! She must be taking an extra super duper cool shortcut though, because me and Mommy never ever go through the woods.
513	alexa	R	She crept cautiously yet bravely towards the sleeping beast, desperate to snatch a morsel of food from between its massive paws. Suddenly, her drunken father awoke and roared, slapping her repeatedly as she begged 'Daddy, please, I haven't eaten in days!'
514	alexa	R	After a deep breathe, the woman confirmed to the investigators that, yes, she recognized the the picure of the silly little flower her daughter had been scribbling since she could draw. For now, they decided to exclude the blood, nails and teeth stuck into the carved design inside of the coffin lid.
515	alexa	R	I always vowed to be more famous than my actress mother and I achieved it. When they found me bathing in her blood in Central Park I was all anyone could talk about.
516	alexa	R	I noticed diamond-shaped burns on my cattle, and then cuts, and then after a few weeks I'd find them completely drained of blood. The cattle mutilation stopped a few months ago, but this morning my little brother woke up with a diamond-shaped burn on his arm.
517	alexa	PG-13	Overcome with worry for my sick dog I wished on a star he would live as long as I did. As my heart beat slowed I realized I should have specified who's life span we would follow.
518	alexa	PG-13	I clutched my broken leg at the bottom of the abandoned mine shaft. I’d found more riches than I could ever carry out, but you can’t eat gold.
519	alexa	R	After starving for weeks on the icy landscape I finally committed the horrible act of cannibalism, eating my friend’s corpse. I’ve picked all the bones clean in a matter of hours, so why am I still starving?
520	alexa	PG-13	While walking along the beach I noticed a message in a bottle sticking out of the sand. Inside the bottle was a photo of me floating dead in the ocean and a message in my own handwriting that said “run.”
521	alexa	R	Mommy keeps telling me to get out of bed and take a walk with her before Daddy wakes up But every since I drank the tea that Daddy gave me yesterday, I've felt soo tired like I could just sleep forever...
522	alexa	PG	I have the ability to hear the thoughts of inanimate objects I watch hydraulic press videos for fun
523	alexa	PG-13	My family and friends all stared at me in shock, as my tourette's made me scream out 'fucking assholes' We listened in horror to the hammering on the attic door, as the undead now knew where we were hiding
524	alexa	PG-13	People are generous they donated half a million dollars to my gravely ill son last year It only costs a thousand dollars a month to keep him sick.
525	alexa	PG-13	Dear Diary, I think I am completely in love with this man. I know I've been chained up for a long time, but now I see that he really just wants what's best for me.
526	alexa	PG-13	“This my stop, thanks,” she said. But he just kept driving…
527	alexa	PG-13	I poked my head above the water, excited to breathe the cool air of the cave. *Clunk.*
528	alexa	PG	“Okay Larry, for this underwater scene, Julia will be pretending to drown, but will hold up three fingers when she needs air.” “Okay Julia, if you need air during your underwater scene, just wave your hands, and Larry will hand you the scuba mask.”
529	alexa	PG-13	As I stared at the knife, I knew death was near. How horribly, horribly wrong I was.
530	alexa	PG-13	He said he was gonna bring me great pain but jokes on him, I'm into that shit I realised how wrong I was when he brought my sister
531	alexa	PG-13	I finally figured out how to fuse people with animals! Too bad I could only figure out how to do it with cockroaches.
532	alexa	R	As we prepared to burn the witch, she used her last breaths to tell me, one day, that God would give me blood to drink. As I lay here years later, my lungs slowly filling up with my own blood, I realize her words may not just have been symbolic.
533	alexa	NC-17	[AUG21] I was disappointed after hearing my five year old daughter throwing up in the bathroom, and knew that I needed to increase her punishment I dragged her to the kitchen table and forced her to eat another dozen tapeworms, to hopefully guarantee she loses the rest of her baby fat before the pageant
534	alexa	PG-13	My family all thought it was hilarious after my sister got me a training bra for my birthday, and begged me to try it on I sat there weeping as they forced me to place the bra over my mastectomy scars
535	alexa	PG	I opened my eyes, glad that I finally woke from my coma. It was only when I got up and saw my body laying lifeless that I realized that I wasn't awake.
536	alexa	PG-13	Shit, I can't be late to work again' I thought as I slammed the car into reverse. Almost immediately after hitting the gas I heard the yip.
537	alexa	PG-13	My five-year-old son keeps insisting that he hears voices coming from inside our basement walls, but I've kept him from investigating by telling him there's ghosts down there. I come home to find the Jewish family in the hands of the Gestapo, while he excitedly tells me how he phoned the police on his own and they caught the basement ghosts.
538	alexa	PG	My girlfriend took me to meet her father, who was a mortician. The moment he saw, he started quaking and trembling and with a shaky jaw, he barely blurted out, 'I—I've seen you before.”
539	alexa	PG-13	I realize that I should have mentioned those magnets my little boy accidentally swallowed at the full physical checkup. Oh well, the Doctor already started up the MRI machine
540	alexa	R	At gunpoint, digging my own grave, I realize I’m going to die regardless; they’re already taking my life, why the hell should I give them my labor too? They say I don’t need legs to dig.
541	alexa	R	Each jello cup has two hits of LSD, ketamine, methamphetamine and, finally, enough time-release fentanyl to kill a horse, and there’s enough of them for everyone. This is a hell of a way to quit my elementary school cafeteria job.
542	alexa	R	I've met a person who identified as a MAP, at first I had no idea what the acronym meant. When I finally figured out what it means, I've made sure by making the person into a literal map - flaying him alive and tattooing the globe onto his still fresh skin.
543	alexa	PG-13	The gaunt father tickled his daughter and cried 'I'm going to eat you! Nom nom nom' As yet another rocket shook the earth and the adjacent building roared into a heap, he playfully declared 'Stomp, stomp, stomp, better keep hiding!'
544	alexa	PG-13	After my Father unexpectedly committed suicide, it took me several years until I felt at peace enough to open the sealed suicide letter. I wish I’d opened it years ago, though, because this letter is not his handwriting.
545	alexa	PG	I wanted to scream 'HELP ME!!!' to them but no sound came out. The group then calmly moved over to the next exhibit in the wax museum.
546	alexa	R	He took advantage of me in bed, and I was too scared to tell anyone. Joseph told everyone that I was a virgin, and the baby inside of me was from God.
547	alexa	PG	As we get older our ears get less sensitive, no longer able to pick up certain sounds. Why do you think only children hear monsters under the bed?
548	alexa	R	When I saw him nailed to the cross, I dropped to my knees and thanked Jesus for his sacrifice Hopefully now the Cartel will leave us alone.
549	alexa	PG-13	I was starving and desperate to survive. This is no world to raise a child in anyway.
550	alexa	PG	My daughter likes to grab my ankles and scare me when I'm getting into bed. I just can't figure out how she's doing it right now, as I hold her in my arms.
551	alexa	PG	I made a deal with the devil, my soul in exchange for painful revenge against those who wronged me. Too late I found that he takes payment in advance
552	alexa	R	[AUG21] My father loves to use stupid dad jokes as he is punishing me I tried to hold in the tears as he told me to stop hitting myself, while he slapped me with my amputated arms
553	alexa	R	You can't execute me, I'm innocent,' the woman sobbed, 'please believe me.' 'I do,' the announcer said sympathetically, 'but unfortunately, our audience doesn't.'
554	alexa	PG	Preparing for bed, I began closing all the blinds in my house when I paused to admire my reflection in the window. I shivered as the cool night breeze filled the room.
555	alexa	PG-13	“A drink for your daughter?“ I looked in her sad little eyes and said goodbye as the man handed me his last gallon of drinkable water.
556	alexa	R	[JAN22] I was trolling through the bayou when I caught a glimpse of a human foot bobbing next to my crab trap. I guess the crabs weren't hungry in this part of the water, so I scooped it up and brought it to the next one.
557	alexa	PG-13	The captives prayed desperately as the loudspeaker began announcing who will be executed that day. When the last name was called, the halls echoed with the muffled wails of those who must endure another year of torture.
558	alexa	PG	I can recognize different people's footseps by their sound and speed,even my own. I immediately hid in my closet and called my parents when I started hearing my own footsteps walking across the first floor and then upstairs.
559	alexa	R	I think I might have just solved racism. Only by looking at all these people I skinned alive, no one should be able to make a difference.
560	alexa	PG-13	Once I died I became a ghost, and since I had no physical limits on myself I left this world to explore the cosmos. It was wonderful until I got too close to a black hole: it turns out nothing escapes their attaction power, neither in the living world nor in the deceased's one.
561	alexa	PG-13	My wife would likely be mad at me for eating her leftovers. She had always wanted to be cremated.
562	alexa	R	My wife's sister now had 3 children and didn't know who their fathers were. Still surprised that she still came to my birthday party every year, I smiled and topped off her wine glass once more .
563	alexa	PG-13	It was only after I slid the motorcycle helmet on I realised why it was an online discount. The inner padding wasn’t red, it was secondhand.
564	alexa	PG-13	They had to put my dog down after a series of violent attacks on children. Little did they know the dog wasn't the one who did them.
565	alexa	R	Behold my science fair project, the erupting volcano!' 'And now to make it erupt!' the little boy announced and then happily reached inside the paper mache model and pulled the pin on his grandfather's old grenade that he had hidden inside.
566	alexa	PG-13	I finally did it, I put my consciousness in a computer. I didn't expect my body to get up, smile at me and shut down the computer.
567	alexa	PG-13	This one's too big, this one's too wide, but this one's just right!', thought Goldilocks. She sank into the little bear's snug carcass, breathing in the bloody musk.
568	alexa	PG	As a kid, I loved pretending there was a weird gangly man following us in the car by hopping from light to light. Dad always seemed to drive a little fast those nights.
569	alexa	PG-13	This shot will help save lives of many, the doctor said as he prepped the needle. My only thought was I could have killed many more, as they strapped me to the gurney and the curtains opened.
570	alexa	PG	I felt my the weight of my husband climbing into bed and reached for him, half asleep. When my hand felt only the cold sheets where he used to lay I fully woke, alone in the dark with my memories.
571	alexa	PG-13	I froze as I took in the sight of my wife’s cold and lifeless body. From behind me a voice said “Now we can be together”
572	alexa	PG-13	[NOV21] Somewhere deep in the primitive parts of our brains, we remember how to hibernate: find a snug den, curl up, and go to sleep. Unfortunately, we've forgotten how to do the rest, and that's why so many bodies of hypothermia victims are found wedged in tight spaces.
573	alexa	G	I’m a little confused about my ancestry.com DNA test… I don’t really know what I was expecting but I definitely didn’t think it would come back negative.
574	alexa	PG-13	The doctor assured me my surgery would go smoothly as I watched the anesthetic travel up the tube and into my arm. As my eyes became heavy, I noticed the anesthesia machine was set to to administer for 180kg instead of lbs.
575	alexa	PG-13	My mom always told me to take my medication, and now that she’s gone, I hardly remember. So why am I getting better?
576	alexa	PG-13	“Why do you hate the church so much?” asked one of the old ladies to the man who defended me. It took me a second to realize what he meant when he took off his glove to reveal that his left hand was a prosthetic.
577	alexa	PG-13	I shuddered in pure excitement , peering for Santa to come down, late Christmas Eve. My body lay mute, as its long limbs cracked, twisted, and unfurled from the darkness of the chimney’s mouth.
578	alexa	PG-13	My dumbass friend had an early life crisis and decided to become a priest. Asking him to bless the ocean was supposed to be stupid joke, but after hours of hearing the screams from below the waters I have considered becoming a holy man, too.
579	alexa	PG	After being stranded for what felt like hours, I finally saw headlights approaching me on the dirt road. They blinked
580	alexa	PG	After what seemed liked hours, I finally pressed the enter key to submit my contribution to the 'TwoSentenceHorror' Reddit. God help the poor souls who read this and inherit my curse.
581	alexa	PG	We finally discovered god. When we did, he unfortunately discovered us.
582	alexa	PG-13	AITA for taking my girlfriend's request that she never wanted to see me again literally? I did exactly as she asked, but she still hates me, could it be because I didn't use anesthesia?
583	alexa	R	Mommy, Annie is so mean, she suddenly started screaming when it was my turn to be the doctor', my son whined after making me take out my earphones. 'The new heart I made for her was so pretty, too', he complained, holding up a blood-soaked piece of paper.
584	alexa	PG-13	Everyday, five Minibuses bearing the City's welfare department roams the city, picking up homeless person they comes across. The city welfare department shut down secretly five years ago and was sold to a pharmaceutical company without public knowledge.
585	alexa	PG-13	You don't need to be a powerful dictator, or a bloodthirsty warmonger to decide if people should live or die, and whether they suffer or not. You just need to be a nurse in the elderly house.
586	alexa	PG-13	We were baffled when the footage showed no attackers, only a victim whose skin turned pale before he collapsed to the ground. 'Vampires have no reflections,' said one of our senior officers, 'so that means they can't be caught on tape either.'
587	alexa	PG-13	I’m not that kind of girl to freak out and scream when seaweed brushes up against me in the ocean. But this time it pulled and when I did scream nothing came out as the water rushed in.
588	alexa	R	I was feeling elated while hugging my therapist goodbye after he signed my release papers after three years of confinement in the psychiatric hospital But the feeling of pushing that steel pen down his neck and seeing green blood pouring from the wound was far better
589	alexa	R	“Don’t worry Daddy, now you can be as rough with me as you want.” I stared in horror as my son’s body picked itself off the floor and snapped its neck back into place.
590	alexa	PG-13	I hold my breath as the intruder walks past the bedroom closet, hoping he doesn't look inside. If the cop finds all the bodies I hid there, I'm screwed.
591	alexa	PG-13	I was driving as fast as I could, but there was no way I'd make it to the hospital before the baby came. By the time I pulled up in front of the emergency room neither my wife nor my daughter were making a sound
592	alexa	R	I’d never tell you what happen to the wastes of abortion clinics And I’d certainly never tell you what rejuvenating creams are made of
593	alexa	R	After what was the fifth time of my son telling me to not come in, I finally managed the door open. As his dead body hung from the ceiling, his pre recorded voice played for the sixth time.
594	alexa	PG-13	“Feel free to explore the first three floors of the cave, but never go further than that, lest you awaken the Guardian,” We dismissed the old woman’s advice as local superstition, until we heard the sound of a thousand insectoid legs clicking, rising from the abyss…
595	alexa	R	My wife and I always found it adorable that our daughter truly believed she would become a Disney princess. It wasn't until I heard my daughter giggling as I held my wife's bloodied body that I remembered: Disney princesses are often orphans.
596	alexa	R	My wife shrieked in horror as I swerved and narrowly missed a child crossing the street. Then she shrieked with delight when I threw it in reverse, and we heard that satisfying crunch as he went under the car.
597	alexa	PG	After several months without rain, the farmer was delighted when he awakened to the sound of a downpour. It was when he walked outside to check on his crops and noticed the black droplets of water falling onto his skin that he realized it wasn’t normal rain.
598	alexa	PG	I felt a bug crawling out of my ear. 'Silly thing, you need to stay inside to keep warm and healthy,' I chuckled as I put it back.
599	alexa	PG	I’ve been pregnant for 13 months. My baby is still growing.
600	alexa	PG-13	What will you do if you're being chase by a killer? I'm hiding right now and I don't think he's going anywhere so any advice will be really helpful.
601	alexa	PG-13	When offered the chance to see all the times I've almost died, of course I took it. As the scenes progressed from my infancy through to now, I couldn't help but notice the same strange man in all of them.
602	alexa	PG	I've always been very scared to enter this sub. I just hope we'll hit the bottom soon, the pressure is killing me.
603	alexa	PG-13	I just adopted the wonderful baby boy that I've wanted to raise as my own since the very moment I met him. And all I had to do was orphan him.
604	alexa	PG	When I saw my wife accidentally cut her finger when making dinner I immediately reached for the first aid kit. But she calmly stopped me and said that she always done that to added some flavour to the meals.
605	alexa	PG-13	Little Jenny was rejoicing herself with all this always desired extra space in her room for her dolls But she had to hide her smile when her mother came in to check on her first day without her younger sister
606	alexa	R	I really can't staaay,' I told him for probably the seventh time, matching his sing-song tone to avoid confrontation. As he responded, yet again with 'Baby, it's cold outside!', I began to notice my drink tasted a little funny.
607	alexa	PG-13	[JAN22] I always hated that my grandpa had those weird, plastic trolls all over his yard. When he died and the new owners dug up the backyard, I realized what each one was representing.
608	alexa	PG-13	I walked into my kitchen to a very unexpected surprise, but with a cheery voice said 'Hey son, I didn't expect you and your friends to be here for the holidays, glad you could join me!' I did not recognize him or his friends, but being that I was old and outnumbered, I felt that feigning dementia was my best bet to make it through whatever was going to happen next.
609	alexa	R	The soft, wet *plaps* of the tentacles slapping the concrete in our driveway, followed by the dragging sound, told me that my fears had come home. The squids had arrived, and they were angry about the videos I'd been watching online.
610	alexa	PG-13	The first trans-system shuttle was created in 2114, and reached the edge of our solar system in 2126. She returned to earth empty and on autopilot in 2130, with a message that read: “Stop or they’ll see you”.
611	alexa	R	I have a pen, I have an apple...' his wife began saying gleefully She stabbed the now red-inked pen into the flesh of his Adam's apple whilst saying the remaining words, 'Apple pen'.
612	alexa	PG	There's a beautiful photo in my phone of my wife and I sleeping in bed with our newborn. I have no idea who took it.
613	alexa	R	I finally let go of the hurt that no one has checked in on me in weeks. But judging by the amount of flies in my mouth, I’m surprised my neighbors haven’t noticed the smell.
614	alexa	PG-13	To my complete dismay and disbelief, my son announced that he idolized the serial strangler who recently struck our small town. I marched him straight down to the basement where I showed him that I did *way* better work in the 80s.
615	alexa	PG	You think you're so clever closing your curtains so no one's peeking. Who said we were watching you from *outside* your window?
616	alexa	PG-13	That’s not a camel, that’s my wife! As the cactus juice’s hallucinogenics wore off, we saw what we’ve *actually* been eating for the past hour.
617	alexa	PG-13	My girlfriend’s dad excused himself from the dinner table and invited me to go out hunting with him. But when I wondered why he didn’t give me a gun, he leaned in close and whispered, “Run.”
618	alexa	PG-13	She cowered under the blankets as Daddy came in with whiskey on his breath, knowing what was to come. She squeezed her eyes shut when the deep voice under her bed growled, '*Not This Time, Bad Human*' ... and then the screaming started.
619	alexa	G	In my house there is a door that never opens. Sometimes at night I hear what sounds like the creaking of old, rusted hinges.
620	alexa	PG-13	Sitting on the couch and staring expectantly at the blank tv screen, she asked, 'Is this movie going to be gory?' I was busy setting up the secret camera feed from the other room as I casually replied,'It should be....'
621	alexa	R	My wife was born with a condition that makes it so that she can’t feel pain The look on her face when she woke up and realized she had no limbs was priceless
622	alexa	PG	Every night at 2am I hear a knocking on my bedroom door. What worries me most is that it sounds like the knocking is on my side of the door.
623	alexa	PG-13	After hours of playing with the ouija board, one of the grieving twins agrees to be possessed by his dead mother so that the other can talk to her. Watching from the dimension where her soul is trapped, the mother wishes there was a way to let them know it's not her that moved the planchette.
624	alexa	PG-13	It's not what it looks like!' I yelled. 'You're not the first intern I've let go for this', the mortician said.
625	alexa	PG	I REALLY regret signing up to an Ancestry Discovery page. On the bright side, at least I now know where these small scars on the little finger side of my hands came from!
626	alexa	PG-13	In sorry, but there's nothing we can do,' the doctor said to me while he turned off the machine. As my lungs began to fail, and vision go dark, the doctor left and added, 'There's just been a shortage of organ donors.'
627	alexa	PG	I want the source of all my sadness to be gone,' he said. 'Granted!' I replied, watching him collapse to the ground with a literally *empty* skull.
628	alexa	R	I overheard my neighbor turning on their lawnmower in the distance. I quickly realized the gruesome fate before me, as I lay bound and gagged in their backyard.
629	alexa	NC-17	I entered the house, and on seeing a black-eyed kid standing on the living room ceiling, immediately ran away screaming. By the time the medical examiner finally removed the nails sticking her feet to the ceiling, the blood dripping from her burst sclera had already formed a small pool on the floor.
630	alexa	R	Saint Peter greeted me at the pearly gates with a smile and told me it wasn't my time; so he'd be sending me right back. But the last thing I can remember before it all went black were my legs going into that woodchipper.
631	alexa	G	In the dying hope of the robot species, they sent out a capsule. One single cell organism that will hit Earth, and one day evolve into an intelligent species that will create them once again.
632	alexa	PG-13	After he died, we knew our grandfather's spirit was still protecting us when we'd smell his cologne or hear him gently knock on our walls. Last week at 3 am, we heard three short knocks, three long ones and three more short, followed by sobbing and nothing since.
633	alexa	R	As the poppers blew the color blue at the gender reveal party. The relief was my only hope he wouldn’t do to a little boy what he does to me.
634	alexa	R	Grandma told me to get into the oven Dad's drunk again and its the last place he'll look.
635	alexa	PG	I think I need some help with programming. I don’t think the sentient AI I created is supposed to be able to control the ventilation system.
636	alexa	R	Daddy, daddy!' the boy in the werewolf costume exclaimed, 'Look at my mask; Isn't it scary?' 'It sure is Wolfman, but I think I've got you beat!' I replied, as I peeled his father's face off of my own.
637	alexa	G	I waited as the clock turned 11:59 to 12:00 AM. But then I saw the words on my computers calendar, 'December 32.'
638	alexa	PG-13	Ever since I came home from Iraq my wife hasn’t kissed, hugged, or even looked at me. Maybe it would have been easier if I had just died when I stepped on that landmine.
639	alexa	R	If you look up on Google 'how does a leg sewed to an ear look like', you won't find any results. Because I haven't uploaded the picture yet.
640	alexa	PG-13	“Come back,” she sobbed helplessly as the boat glided towards the horizon, “please come back.” Water was covering her ankles on what had once been a mountaintop as she tried to shield the screaming infant in her arms from the relentless raindrops, watching Noah’s ark grow smaller and smaller in the distance.
641	alexa	PG-13	“Please bring me back my daughter and arrest that kidnapper!” the woman sobbed, clinging on to her distraught husband. I turned away from the TV and whispered, “Mr. Kidnapper, please don't return me to my parents.”
642	alexa	PG-13	Blake thought that it was comical when the old witch cursed him to an eternity of living out his life's favorite moments... That was until he realized, that this time around, he'd experience them as his victims had.
643	alexa	PG-13	Accident or not, I've never forgiven my daughter's killer. I've simply been waiting all these years for her to grow up and have a child of her own before taking my revenge.
644	alexa	R	As I was shown the statistics of my life after death, I stared in horror at the 27 'assist kills.' The horror was far more striking for me, seeing as I was a suicide hotline worker.
645	alexa	R	He thought nobody would find out what he’d been doing to his daughter’s plushie dolls when she went to school. That is, until a strange bulge grew in the belly of one of the more eerily lifelike dolls, that soon began to kick with life inside it.
646	alexa	PG-13	My daughter excitedly hopped onto my bed to tell me that Santa had came back. She was telling me she had let him in as I looked in horror to see a dirty homeless man covered in blood standing at my bedroom door.
647	alexa	PG	i tried to plug my phone charger into the socket next to my bed. a hand grabbed it for me and whispered 'i got you'.
648	alexa	PG	Today, city workers broke the concrete seal of the abandoned coal mine in honor of its 80th anniversary since closing. So you could understand their surprise to find several fresh hand prints lining the dusty cave walls inside.
649	alexa	PG-13	My wife put a gun to her head and asked me if it was true that I had slept with my secretary I actually didn’t, but I lied and said yes because this would be much cheaper than the hit man I planned to hire Edit: holy shit this blew up. Thanks for the awards and upvotes :)
650	alexa	PG	Three hundred years ago, my ancestors set sail for the Bermuda Triangle. Last night, they arrived on my doorstep.
651	alexa	PG-13	Whenever I think I'm dreaming I usually count my fingers to see if I have more than five. I hear screams, the sky is red, there's a constant knocking at my door, and I'm counting only five fingers.
652	alexa	PG-13	Today a boy came up to me at the daycare I work at and asked me about something he’d found in the attic. He’s the third witness I’ve had to kill today.
653	alexa	R	I peeled the sunburnt skin and moaned in ecstasy. Hoping that the pleasure can make me forget the basal cell carcinoma that had developed on my clitoris.
654	alexa	PG-13	My art professor scolded my friend because his work lack soul in it. A week later, a porcelain jar was found on his table in the lecture hall and when he opened it an agony-filled screech echoed through the hall.
655	alexa	R	“Can you handle all seven inches?” My boyfriend whispered. As he sunk the knife further into my chest, I realised what he meant.
656	alexa	PG-13	My older son tormented my daughter about her imaginary friend ceaselessly, laughing as he pretended to stab the empty space next to her. His obnoxious cackling fell away as my daughter screamed and blood poured from the empty air all over the kitchen floor.
657	alexa	PG	Every night, my brother giggles in his sleep. I asked him about it today, and he says he hears it too.
658	alexa	PG-13	I really hope my girlfriend appreciates the diamond I got her. She has no idea how many graves I had to dig up before I found one I liked.
659	alexa	PG-13	I picked up the phone to order us a pizza, telling him I would pay for it to make up for angering him. Unfortunately, my husband spends as much time on social media as I do.
660	alexa	PG	Who wrote on the mirror while I was in the shower?' 'And what does 'TUO ƎM TƎ⅃' mean?'
661	alexa	R	Where's my wife?' I screamed, after they told me I was the only survivor of the crash. 'Just look down,' answered the doctor, 'we had to graft your head onto something...'
662	alexa	PG-13	Mommy came running into the room when her little daughter yelled that the monster was back. They both hid under the bed just before he unlocked the front door.
663	alexa	R	Gently reminder to our workers that ending your life won't end your obligation towards the company; The cost of resurrection will also be added to your debt.'
664	alexa	PG-13	When I was young, my father always beat me because I wanted to be a ventriloquist Now that I have fulfilled what I want, I always have him with me on stage every time I perform.
665	alexa	R	The giant smashed his head in and drank his insides until he was only a hollow shell All I could do was wait beside the other soda cans in the fridge, knowing one of us would be next
666	alexa	R	[FEB22] The king came to regret allowing his pet tiger to roam the halls of the palace unsupervised. As he looked over the eviscerated and half eaten body of his beloved, he only had one question: what could do this to a tiger?
667	alexa	R	I actually caught my old childhood toys moving around like in Toy Story. I haven’t touched my blow-up doll since.
668	alexa	PG-13	I finally got the sexy Goth Girlfriend of my dreams, and she invited me to her house for the night! I realized my fatal mistake only too late as she locked the door behind me, and I saw in the mirror she had no reflection.
669	alexa	R	After all those years of terror, I finally had the courage to cut my brother's throat in his sleep. While I watch him bleed to death, I'm wondering if they have coffins large enough for conjoined twins.
670	alexa	PG-13	Aren't you scared of the serial killer on the loose?' my passenger asked me, just as I noticed a knife in his pocket. 'Well,' I said, slowly reaching for mine, 'don't forget the one that never gets caught.'
671	alexa	R	It had fangs, scales and it's arms were crookedly disfigured like undeveloped wings. As my wife lay dying on the birthing bed she uttered, 'I swear it's yours'.
672	alexa	PG-13	I asked the genie for a book of future celebrity deaths Every date it the same “October 15 2021”
673	alexa	PG-13	When I realised someone much younger to me was stealing my husband, I decided to get rid of her [deleted]
674	alexa	PG	Someone’s banging on the door outside, begging to be let in. But we’re a crew of 7 living on the international space station, and we are all accounted for.
675	alexa	PG-13	My daughter did not win the beauty pageant and was devastated. She wouldn’t stop crying while I traded her for a much better little girl at the orphanage, one who was a sure bet to win next year.
676	alexa	R	When I planted the tree, I imagined playing under it with my kids. Not seeing one of them swinging from it.
677	alexa	R	While having sex with my girlfriend, I stuck it in the wrong hole I didn't mean to go for her mouth, but for the slash wound I had made in her throat.
678	alexa	R	I petted the little puppy in my arms, reading all the praises and compliments after her rescue video reached 1M views on YouTube. With a smile I opened my phone camera, dropped her into the sewer, and started recording once again.
679	alexa	PG-13	I woke this morning, joyful that I could see again, throwing my glasses off of my face. Ever since She had ripped my eyes out, I waited for the day they'd grow back.
680	alexa	PG-13	[NOV21] The researcher could do nothing but sob as her daughter's hibernation pod was forced open. News reports later stated that the girl's remains were in the suitcase for over five years
681	alexa	PG-13	Blood makes up 10% of weight in the body. I just want to be pretty.
682	alexa	PG-13	Now Amy, as your psychologist, I'm a friend you can trust and you can tell me openly what that weird man said to you in the park' 'He said that no matter where you'd move, no matter if you blocked his number or changed locks, he'd find a way to get to you, even through a child.'
683	alexa	R	My mother claims she's being abused in the aged care home we put her in; from beatings to down right neglect. Good, she's going to know how her children felt all those years ago.
684	alexa	PG-13	The family enjoys their milk at the table. Little do they know, it was harvested from my creature.
685	alexa	R	All I wanted was a baby,' she whispered to her shocked husband, her hand tightening around the handle of the knife protruding from his chest. She watched his confusion melt into alarmed guilt when, in her other hand, she held up the box of morning after pills he'd been sneaking into her food every morning.
686	alexa	PG	I was having fun playing hide and seek with my son, for whom I hid in the wardrobe ... ... until I heard him say, 'I can see your feet!' from the other room.
687	alexa	PG-13	I said 'I do' twice in my life. The first time to my wife on the altar, and the second, to the judge, when I acknowledged that the reduced sentence on my guilty plea was conditioned on me showing the police where her body was located.
688	alexa	PG-13	The elevator shook violently and something snapped, but nobody screamed in terror as they accelerated towards impending death. After all, how often do elevators fall *up*?
689	alexa	R	I thought that the morning my husband murdered me to be with his mistress was the worst day of my existence. Worse still was opening my eyes the next day to the sight of the two of them smiling down at me while the doctor cut the umbilical cord.
690	alexa	R	Even though the doctors had told me one of my twins had consumed the other, the last thing I expected was giving birth to bone remains and that fucking thing.
691	alexa	PG-13	As I watched the tornado barrel down the field of my grandfather's farm, faster, faster, faster, I realized just how stupid I had been to think I could outrun it to the safety of my family's old cellar. But as I made a sharp turn, feet sliding and slipping in the mud, the tornado sharply turned with me, and I realized, with a chill down my spine, that it wasn't just picking up speed--it was hunting.
692	alexa	R	My grandma, a devout Catholic, has always ingrained in me that every life is valuable. I was a bit taken aback when I saw how elated she was at seeing my mother's disfigured body after the suicide.
693	alexa	R	I never thought I'd be one to commit Suicide But Falling to my death is preferable to burning alive on the 87th floor.
694	alexa	R	She jammed the stake through the vampire's heart as instructed, holding back her tears as she made sure none of the hunters knew about her relationship. It was the only way to protect the fetus in her womb.
695	alexa	PG-13	When the Boulder hit me in the head and I didn’t die, it was the first time that I knew for sure that my wish for immorality had come true. As the rest of the landslide buried me, I knew I had made a terrible choice.
696	alexa	R	“Please wait! Don’t go!”, I screamed and yelled, my voice drowned out by the roaring of the engines of the last escape spaceship taking off, leaving me behind on the ground. “I’ve made a mistake, it’s in square CENTIMETERS, not inches!”, I cried one last time.
697	alexa	PG-13	I told the genie that I would want to never gain weight again I neglected to tell him that I wanted my weight to also change as I got taller and older.
698	alexa	PG-13	I saved you, I saved you,' he said as he untied the ropes holding my arms. 'I saved you for last!'
699	alexa	R	A teen had a brilliant idea at the party and added the dry ice to the pool. Soon after the pool was filled with bodies of once lively teenagers and a now eerie fog.
700	alexa	PG-13	Monsters are scared of the light' I said, handing the flashlight to the child as I tucked them in goodnight. Knowing that those things outside could see the diversion through the window, I made haste towards the garage to start the car.
701	alexa	PG	My third wish from the Genie was the ability to read minds. My blood ran cold when the first thing I heard was a series of 0’s and 1’s
702	alexa	PG-13	I should call 911, that’s what I should do. But wait, how do I call 911 without fingers?
703	alexa	PG	[AUG21] I received daily punishment and ridicule from my crew mates and captain for being the only deaf sailor. [deleted]
704	alexa	R	Came home today to find my home a mess and the front door wide open 'Fuck' I thought to myself 'They found their way out'
705	alexa	R	As I watched the doctors work to save my daughter from her overdose, only one thing went through my mind. Next time, I should up the dosage.
706	alexa	R	It’s been crazy thanksgiving: my brother crashed my dads car, my mom caught my dad on tinder, and then my sister couldn’t find the baby. But it wasn’t until my dotty old grandma took the roasting pan out of the oven that the screaming really started.
707	alexa	PG	Everyone stood in awe as they saw the number 10 projected in the sky 9
708	alexa	PG	I can feel my heart pounding as I follow my daughter's footprints into the woods. The further they are from her wheelchair, the longer the digits they have.
709	alexa	R	A middle aged womans body arrives on the table at our morgue, a gaping wide hole in the dead centre of her chest stares at me. Reaching inside to check for the vital organs, I feel something shake my hand.
710	alexa	PG-13	I always had the ability to tell peoples future by holding their hand. As I held my daughters hand to cross the road nothing happened, that's when it hit me.
711	alexa	PG-13	I got my sister a 'better luck next time' card, and got all of our family to write funny messages on it Watching her collapse to the floor weeping after reading it, made her infant son's funeral all the more enjoyable
712	alexa	R	“...and them good old boys were drinkin whiskey and rye, singing this’ll be the day that i die...” As I repeated the lyrics of American Pie one last time, I let out a bitter laugh to my friends and took one last shot of whisky knowing full well we’re not surviving whatever just ripped through the two police officers we called.
713	alexa	PG-13	In a world where the date of everyone's death floats above their head, preparing for the end has become much easier. But when everyone on the plane saw their date change to today, they realized that sometimes the only thing you can do to prepare is scream.
714	alexa	PG-13	When I was asked to perform maintenance on the space station I laughed at the idea of bringing the gun. As I hurtled through space with my broken tether trailing behind, it dawned on me that the gun wasn't because my crewmates were scared of little green men.
715	alexa	PG-13	The first thing you get to do in heaven is watch a highlight reel of your choosing, so i went for 'all the times i nearly died'. I was confused by the days of footage, comprising every moment i was alone with my mother as a child.
716	alexa	PG-13	I'm aware that you have spent the last 5 years with debilitating pain that has left you unable to work or function properly. It turns out that you were misdiagnosed, so if you start taking this medication your hormonal imbalance should be fixed and you should be able to get back to normal life within a month!
717	alexa	PG-13	“Is mommy and daddy coming down too?” The bunker started shaking as I falsely reassured her that we’ll meet up with them later.
718	alexa	PG-13	“The fireworks seem off this year,” my wife commented as the city skyline lit up. I looked at my watch and realized we were still ten minutes from the New Year countdown.
719	alexa	PG-13	The monster in the closet wrapped its tendrils around my body. 'I'm scared,' it whispered, and I hugged it tigher as the man with the gun searched for us in my room.
720	alexa	PG-13	Little Timmy wanted to be a firefighter when he grew up. However, the fire in hell never goes out, especially for little boys who throw frogs.
721	alexa	PG-13	The woman started screaming in my face, as I pointed out to her that she was two hours late to pick up her son I told her it was her own fault for not enrolling her son in a no kill daycare, while attempting to hand over her son's remains
722	alexa	R	This strange dead creature washed up on the beach yesterday and we're calling for scientists to come investigate', the mayor said in a press conference. I can't figure out if I'm more bothered by the fact that this 'creature' is obviously two mutilated bodies stitched together or that everyone in town is pretending it's not.
723	alexa	R	Baa Baa Black Sheep, Have You Any Wool?' 'Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full,' I told my abductor as he recorded me, after making me shave all the body hair of my dead parents and sister.
724	alexa	R	They say that everyone has a guardian angel. As I laid in my cell, chained up and unable to move, I came to the realization that my angel was guarding everyone from me.
725	alexa	PG	I love being a pizza delivery guy! It makes it so much easier to get into the houses.
726	alexa	PG-13	I couldn't move, breathe, or speak, but I could hear. 'We gather here today, to celebrate the life of a brother, a son, a husband, and a father.'
727	alexa	R	Excited that she would soon complete her first hit and would be able to afford that operation she licked her lips in anticipation. He got to the motel room where he was to meet the escort his brother hired for his birthday, only to find a woman dead on the bed foam dripping from her mouth.
728	alexa	PG-13	On the set of a horror film production, I was really impressed by the makeup done on the actress who was playing the role of a Demon. I was horrified when the makeup artist later told me that the Demon is actually a full CGI character.
729	alexa	PG-13	“I wish the at every person on the planet would become as eco-friendly as possible” I said, grinning confidently at the smirking genie. I stopped grinning as I walked home through streets of people who had dropped dead, their bodies nourishing the starving soil.
730	alexa	R	Before pulling the blindfold over my wife's eyes I signed to her 'Stay in the car, your surprise is in the trunk.' I know she can't hear the train but she doesn't need to see it either.
731	alexa	PG-13	One last push!' The doctor said,as I laid on the hospital bed. None of us expected a pile of parasites to take place of a child.
732	alexa	NC-17	“A tight hold, quick twist, and strong pull are all you need to detach the head efficiently”. The bound man begged for mercy as his ex-wife started to unzip his pants.
733	alexa	R	My father always said, “You are young now, but soon you will grow up to be a man.” I struggled against my restraints as he injected me with another vial of testosterone, slowly destroying my goal of being head cheerleader.
734	alexa	PG-13	Ever since I went to my friend’s BBQ, I’ve been having body tremors. The doctor said I had a rare disorder called Kuru as I let out a burst of laughter.
735	alexa	R	My abortion pills didn’t work when I was carrying my daughter. Now that she’s 30, I keep sneaking them into her food, hoping she’ll die, but it only kills her dreams of motherhood.
736	alexa	NC-17	The mother screamed as I ripped the newborn out of her hands, before throwing it to the ground and caving in it's skull with my boot She lay there weeping as I explained to her that she should have carefully read the terms and conditions before agreeing to the new IPhone update
737	alexa	PG	I think that long, straight stretches of road are really relaxing and one of the my guilty pleasures. That saying, 15 straight hours of road, with no exits nonetheless, is a bit excessive.
738	alexa	PG-13	The name ‘grandma’ made me feel so old the first time I heard it. My daughter cries all the time now, but I’m happy to just be ‘mom’ again.
739	alexa	PG	I got cursed that if I ever saw a human again I would die I've been living with my family for 3 weeks and I'm still fine
740	alexa	R	My daughter was never good at hide-and-seek, always shouting 'Here I am!' whenever the seeker was nearby. This is why I had to smother her when the Nazis came calling.
741	alexa	R	[FEB22] 'I'll take the tiger striped design,' I said to the nail tech. My confusion turned into a scream as she strapped my hands down, and started creating the stripes with pliers.
742	alexa	PG-13	My mother always used to tell me that love would set me free. I knew what she meant when my husband tearfully pulled the plug.
743	alexa	PG-13	My son shook me awake on the couch yelling “look mommy Santa’s here!” I grew cold at the sight of two rotten, jangly legs inching down from my chimney in the dark.
744	alexa	PG-13	When I was young a psychic once looked at me and told me that one day I would lose my faith. Now, as I lay here in the burn center of the hospital on life support I realize that the psychic had a lisp.
745	alexa	R	I’ve thought about it, and realized I don’t want to end my life. Not before I kill everyone who ruined it first
746	alexa	PG-13	BBBBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.' The industrial fridge's overwhelming buzzing drowned out the trapped young girl's fading screams, while only a few steps away her parents left to join the search party on the 3rd night since reporting her missing.
747	alexa	PG-13	I asked my son if he meant to say 'degenerate' instead of 'de-generate.' As my body began to decay and fall apart he muttered under his breath 'I know what I said.'
748	alexa	R	I couldn't utter a single word as I stared at the corpse of my beloved cat Mittens, her ears torn-off and her tail missing. 'Remember we talked about pet/owner roleplay?' my boyfriend asked coyly as he took out a needle and thread.
749	alexa	PG-13	The delectable smells wafting out of the oven were making me salivate. Ah, the perks of working at a crematorium.
750	alexa	R	“Mommy, these snowflakes taste funny!” My son’s words didn’t register as I stared at the mushroom cloud in the distance.
501	geline	PG-13	I told my daughter about my past life and that I was killed then my daughter said 'Who would have thought that we would meet again'
502	geline	G	A small team of human scientists was sent to mars. A small team of scientists returned to earth.
503	geline	G	We all heard the egg crack open. But by then it was too late to run
504	geline	G	Normally hoofprints in the snow in December is a jolly, fun sight. They are less festive the morning of December 6th, while your parents frantically search the house for your little brother.
505	geline	G	I opened up a pretty successful burger stand, and in doing so I’m really helping the community out a lot. The people get their yummy burgers, and the homeless population is decreasing.
506	geline	R	You're just like your mother' He said while holding the blood soaked skull of his daughter.
507	geline	PG-13	I cradled my children close to me as the poison did its work. As they both took their last shallow breaths, a breaking news report announced that the impossible had been achieved and the asteroid had been successfully knocked off course.
508	geline	PG-13	As I wake next to my twin in our womb, it occurs to me that some species of shark eat their siblings before they’re born as a means of natural selection, and the mother doesn’t notice or care. I don’t know who let a shark in here or if our mother knows or cares, but I’d love to know which of us is being selected.
509	geline	PG-13	In accordance with my wishes, I was cremated and the ashes scattered to the four winds. After decades of individual particles painfully reattaching themselves, I had regained enough consciousness to realize the Devil wasn't done with me yet.
510	geline	R	We finally found the school bus full of the missing 10 year old children at the very top of the mountain where no cars or buses could reach. All that was left of them was 60 neatly folded piles of skin.
511	geline	PG	My mom said she throw away all the thing on my desk in my workshop because it is too messy. I watched in horror as the garbage truck drove away with all the sample of potentially dangerous microorganisms.
512	geline	PG-13	I can't find Mommy, but this nice lady in the white dress says she can take me home! She must be taking an extra super duper cool shortcut though, because me and Mommy never ever go through the woods.
513	geline	R	She crept cautiously yet bravely towards the sleeping beast, desperate to snatch a morsel of food from between its massive paws. Suddenly, her drunken father awoke and roared, slapping her repeatedly as she begged 'Daddy, please, I haven't eaten in days!'
514	geline	PG-13	After a deep breathe, the woman confirmed to the investigators that, yes, she recognized the the picure of the silly little flower her daughter had been scribbling since she could draw. For now, they decided to exclude the blood, nails and teeth stuck into the carved design inside of the coffin lid.
515	geline	NC-17	I always vowed to be more famous than my actress mother and I achieved it. When they found me bathing in her blood in Central Park I was all anyone could talk about.
516	geline	R	I noticed diamond-shaped burns on my cattle, and then cuts, and then after a few weeks I'd find them completely drained of blood. The cattle mutilation stopped a few months ago, but this morning my little brother woke up with a diamond-shaped burn on his arm.
517	geline	PG?	Overcome with worry for my sick dog I wished on a star he would live as long as I did. As my heart beat slowed I realized I should have specified who's life span we would follow.
518	geline	PG-13	I clutched my broken leg at the bottom of the abandoned mine shaft. I’d found more riches than I could ever carry out, but you can’t eat gold.
519	geline	NC-17	After starving for weeks on the icy landscape I finally committed the horrible act of cannibalism, eating my friend’s corpse. I’ve picked all the bones clean in a matter of hours, so why am I still starving?
520	geline	PG-13	While walking along the beach I noticed a message in a bottle sticking out of the sand. Inside the bottle was a photo of me floating dead in the ocean and a message in my own handwriting that said “run.”
521	geline	PG	Mommy keeps telling me to get out of bed and take a walk with her before Daddy wakes up But every since I drank the tea that Daddy gave me yesterday, I've felt soo tired like I could just sleep forever...
522	geline	PG	I have the ability to hear the thoughts of inanimate objects I watch hydraulic press videos for fun
523	geline	PG-13	My family and friends all stared at me in shock, as my tourette's made me scream out 'fucking assholes' We listened in horror to the hammering on the attic door, as the undead now knew where we were hiding
524	geline	PG-13	People are generous they donated half a million dollars to my gravely ill son last year It only costs a thousand dollars a month to keep him sick.
525	geline	G	Dear Diary, I think I am completely in love with this man. I know I've been chained up for a long time, but now I see that he really just wants what's best for me.
526	geline	G	“This my stop, thanks,” she said. But he just kept driving…
527	geline	G	I poked my head above the water, excited to breathe the cool air of the cave. *Clunk.*
528	geline	PG	“Okay Larry, for this underwater scene, Julia will be pretending to drown, but will hold up three fingers when she needs air.” “Okay Julia, if you need air during your underwater scene, just wave your hands, and Larry will hand you the scuba mask.”
529	geline	PG-13	As I stared at the knife, I knew death was near. How horribly, horribly wrong I was.
530	geline	PG-13	He said he was gonna bring me great pain but jokes on him, I'm into that shit I realised how wrong I was when he brought my sister
531	geline	PG-13	I finally figured out how to fuse people with animals! Too bad I could only figure out how to do it with cockroaches.
532	geline	R	As we prepared to burn the witch, she used her last breaths to tell me, one day, that God would give me blood to drink. As I lay here years later, my lungs slowly filling up with my own blood, I realize her words may not just have been symbolic.
533	geline	NC-17	[AUG21] I was disappointed after hearing my five year old daughter throwing up in the bathroom, and knew that I needed to increase her punishment I dragged her to the kitchen table and forced her to eat another dozen tapeworms, to hopefully guarantee she loses the rest of her baby fat before the pageant
534	geline	PG-13	My family all thought it was hilarious after my sister got me a training bra for my birthday, and begged me to try it on I sat there weeping as they forced me to place the bra over my mastectomy scars
535	geline	PG-13	I opened my eyes, glad that I finally woke from my coma. It was only when I got up and saw my body laying lifeless that I realized that I wasn't awake.
536	geline	PG-13	Shit, I can't be late to work again' I thought as I slammed the car into reverse. Almost immediately after hitting the gas I heard the yip.
537	geline	PG	My five-year-old son keeps insisting that he hears voices coming from inside our basement walls, but I've kept him from investigating by telling him there's ghosts down there. I come home to find the Jewish family in the hands of the Gestapo, while he excitedly tells me how he phoned the police on his own and they caught the basement ghosts.
538	geline	PG	My girlfriend took me to meet her father, who was a mortician. The moment he saw, he started quaking and trembling and with a shaky jaw, he barely blurted out, 'I—I've seen you before.”
539	geline	PG	I realize that I should have mentioned those magnets my little boy accidentally swallowed at the full physical checkup. Oh well, the Doctor already started up the MRI machine
540	geline	R	At gunpoint, digging my own grave, I realize I’m going to die regardless; they’re already taking my life, why the hell should I give them my labor too? They say I don’t need legs to dig.
541	geline	R	Each jello cup has two hits of LSD, ketamine, methamphetamine and, finally, enough time-release fentanyl to kill a horse, and there’s enough of them for everyone. This is a hell of a way to quit my elementary school cafeteria job.
542	geline	R	I've met a person who identified as a MAP, at first I had no idea what the acronym meant. When I finally figured out what it means, I've made sure by making the person into a literal map - flaying him alive and tattooing the globe onto his still fresh skin.
543	geline	PG-13	The gaunt father tickled his daughter and cried 'I'm going to eat you! Nom nom nom' As yet another rocket shook the earth and the adjacent building roared into a heap, he playfully declared 'Stomp, stomp, stomp, better keep hiding!'
544	geline	R	After my Father unexpectedly committed suicide, it took me several years until I felt at peace enough to open the sealed suicide letter. I wish I’d opened it years ago, though, because this letter is not his handwriting.
545	geline	PG	I wanted to scream 'HELP ME!!!' to them but no sound came out. The group then calmly moved over to the next exhibit in the wax museum.
546	geline	R	He took advantage of me in bed, and I was too scared to tell anyone. Joseph told everyone that I was a virgin, and the baby inside of me was from God.
547	geline	PG	As we get older our ears get less sensitive, no longer able to pick up certain sounds. Why do you think only children hear monsters under the bed?
548	geline	R	When I saw him nailed to the cross, I dropped to my knees and thanked Jesus for his sacrifice Hopefully now the Cartel will leave us alone.
549	geline	PG	I was starving and desperate to survive. This is no world to raise a child in anyway.
550	geline	PG-13	My daughter likes to grab my ankles and scare me when I'm getting into bed. I just can't figure out how she's doing it right now, as I hold her in my arms.
551	geline	PG-13	I made a deal with the devil, my soul in exchange for painful revenge against those who wronged me. Too late I found that he takes payment in advance
552	geline	R	[AUG21] My father loves to use stupid dad jokes as he is punishing me I tried to hold in the tears as he told me to stop hitting myself, while he slapped me with my amputated arms
553	geline	R	You can't execute me, I'm innocent,' the woman sobbed, 'please believe me.' 'I do,' the announcer said sympathetically, 'but unfortunately, our audience doesn't.'
554	geline	G	Preparing for bed, I began closing all the blinds in my house when I paused to admire my reflection in the window. I shivered as the cool night breeze filled the room.
555	geline	PG-13	“A drink for your daughter?“ I looked in her sad little eyes and said goodbye as the man handed me his last gallon of drinkable water.
556	geline	R	[JAN22] I was trolling through the bayou when I caught a glimpse of a human foot bobbing next to my crab trap. I guess the crabs weren't hungry in this part of the water, so I scooped it up and brought it to the next one.
557	geline	R	The captives prayed desperately as the loudspeaker began announcing who will be executed that day. When the last name was called, the halls echoed with the muffled wails of those who must endure another year of torture.
558	geline	PG	I can recognize different people's footseps by their sound and speed,even my own. I immediately hid in my closet and called my parents when I started hearing my own footsteps walking across the first floor and then upstairs.
559	geline	R	I think I might have just solved racism. Only by looking at all these people I skinned alive, no one should be able to make a difference.
560	geline	PG-13	Once I died I became a ghost, and since I had no physical limits on myself I left this world to explore the cosmos. It was wonderful until I got too close to a black hole: it turns out nothing escapes their attaction power, neither in the living world nor in the deceased's one.
561	geline	RA	My wife would likely be mad at me for eating her leftovers. She had always wanted to be cremated.
562	geline	PG	My wife's sister now had 3 children and didn't know who their fathers were. Still surprised that she still came to my birthday party every year, I smiled and topped off her wine glass once more .
563	geline	R	It was only after I slid the motorcycle helmet on I realised why it was an online discount. The inner padding wasn’t red, it was secondhand.
564	geline	R	They had to put my dog down after a series of violent attacks on children. Little did they know the dog wasn't the one who did them.
565	geline	R	Behold my science fair project, the erupting volcano!' 'And now to make it erupt!' the little boy announced and then happily reached inside the paper mache model and pulled the pin on his grandfather's old grenade that he had hidden inside.
566	geline	PG-13?	I finally did it, I put my consciousness in a computer. I didn't expect my body to get up, smile at me and shut down the computer.
567	geline	PG-13	This one's too big, this one's too wide, but this one's just right!', thought Goldilocks. She sank into the little bear's snug carcass, breathing in the bloody musk.
568	geline	PG-13	As a kid, I loved pretending there was a weird gangly man following us in the car by hopping from light to light. Dad always seemed to drive a little fast those nights.
569	geline	PG-13	This shot will help save lives of many, the doctor said as he prepped the needle. My only thought was I could have killed many more, as they strapped me to the gurney and the curtains opened.
570	geline	PG	I felt my the weight of my husband climbing into bed and reached for him, half asleep. When my hand felt only the cold sheets where he used to lay I fully woke, alone in the dark with my memories.
571	geline	R	I froze as I took in the sight of my wife’s cold and lifeless body. From behind me a voice said “Now we can be together”
572	geline	PG-13	[NOV21] Somewhere deep in the primitive parts of our brains, we remember how to hibernate: find a snug den, curl up, and go to sleep. Unfortunately, we've forgotten how to do the rest, and that's why so many bodies of hypothermia victims are found wedged in tight spaces.
573	geline	G	I’m a little confused about my ancestry.com DNA test… I don’t really know what I was expecting but I definitely didn’t think it would come back negative.
574	geline	PG-13	The doctor assured me my surgery would go smoothly as I watched the anesthetic travel up the tube and into my arm. As my eyes became heavy, I noticed the anesthesia machine was set to to administer for 180kg instead of lbs.
575	geline	PG-13	My mom always told me to take my medication, and now that she’s gone, I hardly remember. So why am I getting better?
576	geline	PG-13	“Why do you hate the church so much?” asked one of the old ladies to the man who defended me. It took me a second to realize what he meant when he took off his glove to reveal that his left hand was a prosthetic.
577	geline	PG?	I shuddered in pure excitement , peering for Santa to come down, late Christmas Eve. My body lay mute, as its long limbs cracked, twisted, and unfurled from the darkness of the chimney’s mouth.
578	geline	PG	My dumbass friend had an early life crisis and decided to become a priest. Asking him to bless the ocean was supposed to be stupid joke, but after hours of hearing the screams from below the waters I have considered becoming a holy man, too.
579	geline	PG	After being stranded for what felt like hours, I finally saw headlights approaching me on the dirt road. They blinked
580	geline	PG	After what seemed liked hours, I finally pressed the enter key to submit my contribution to the 'TwoSentenceHorror' Reddit. God help the poor souls who read this and inherit my curse.
581	geline	PG	We finally discovered god. When we did, he unfortunately discovered us.
582	geline	PG-13	AITA for taking my girlfriend's request that she never wanted to see me again literally? I did exactly as she asked, but she still hates me, could it be because I didn't use anesthesia?
583	geline	R	Mommy, Annie is so mean, she suddenly started screaming when it was my turn to be the doctor', my son whined after making me take out my earphones. 'The new heart I made for her was so pretty, too', he complained, holding up a blood-soaked piece of paper.
584	geline	G?	Everyday, five Minibuses bearing the City's welfare department roams the city, picking up homeless person they comes across. The city welfare department shut down secretly five years ago and was sold to a pharmaceutical company without public knowledge.
585	geline	PG-13	You don't need to be a powerful dictator, or a bloodthirsty warmonger to decide if people should live or die, and whether they suffer or not. You just need to be a nurse in the elderly house.
586	geline	PG-13	We were baffled when the footage showed no attackers, only a victim whose skin turned pale before he collapsed to the ground. 'Vampires have no reflections,' said one of our senior officers, 'so that means they can't be caught on tape either.'
587	geline	PG-13	I’m not that kind of girl to freak out and scream when seaweed brushes up against me in the ocean. But this time it pulled and when I did scream nothing came out as the water rushed in.
588	geline	R	I was feeling elated while hugging my therapist goodbye after he signed my release papers after three years of confinement in the psychiatric hospital But the feeling of pushing that steel pen down his neck and seeing green blood pouring from the wound was far better
589	geline	NC-17	“Don’t worry Daddy, now you can be as rough with me as you want.” I stared in horror as my son’s body picked itself off the floor and snapped its neck back into place.
590	geline	R	I hold my breath as the intruder walks past the bedroom closet, hoping he doesn't look inside. If the cop finds all the bodies I hid there, I'm screwed.
591	geline	PG-13	I was driving as fast as I could, but there was no way I'd make it to the hospital before the baby came. By the time I pulled up in front of the emergency room neither my wife nor my daughter were making a sound
592	geline	R	I’d never tell you what happen to the wastes of abortion clinics And I’d certainly never tell you what rejuvenating creams are made of
593	geline	R	After what was the fifth time of my son telling me to not come in, I finally managed the door open. As his dead body hung from the ceiling, his pre recorded voice played for the sixth time.
594	geline	PG-13	“Feel free to explore the first three floors of the cave, but never go further than that, lest you awaken the Guardian,” We dismissed the old woman’s advice as local superstition, until we heard the sound of a thousand insectoid legs clicking, rising from the abyss…
595	geline	R	My wife and I always found it adorable that our daughter truly believed she would become a Disney princess. It wasn't until I heard my daughter giggling as I held my wife's bloodied body that I remembered: Disney princesses are often orphans.
596	geline	R	My wife shrieked in horror as I swerved and narrowly missed a child crossing the street. Then she shrieked with delight when I threw it in reverse, and we heard that satisfying crunch as he went under the car.
597	geline	G	After several months without rain, the farmer was delighted when he awakened to the sound of a downpour. It was when he walked outside to check on his crops and noticed the black droplets of water falling onto his skin that he realized it wasn’t normal rain.
598	geline	G	I felt a bug crawling out of my ear. 'Silly thing, you need to stay inside to keep warm and healthy,' I chuckled as I put it back.
599	geline	PG	I’ve been pregnant for 13 months. My baby is still growing.
600	geline	PG-13	What will you do if you're being chase by a killer? I'm hiding right now and I don't think he's going anywhere so any advice will be really helpful.
601	geline	PG-13	When offered the chance to see all the times I've almost died, of course I took it. As the scenes progressed from my infancy through to now, I couldn't help but notice the same strange man in all of them.
602	geline	PG	I've always been very scared to enter this sub. I just hope we'll hit the bottom soon, the pressure is killing me.
603	geline	PG-13	I just adopted the wonderful baby boy that I've wanted to raise as my own since the very moment I met him. And all I had to do was orphan him.
604	geline	PG-13	When I saw my wife accidentally cut her finger when making dinner I immediately reached for the first aid kit. But she calmly stopped me and said that she always done that to added some flavour to the meals.
605	geline	PG-13	Little Jenny was rejoicing herself with all this always desired extra space in her room for her dolls But she had to hide her smile when her mother came in to check on her first day without her younger sister
606	geline	R	I really can't staaay,' I told him for probably the seventh time, matching his sing-song tone to avoid confrontation. As he responded, yet again with 'Baby, it's cold outside!', I began to notice my drink tasted a little funny.
607	geline	PG-13	[JAN22] I always hated that my grandpa had those weird, plastic trolls all over his yard. When he died and the new owners dug up the backyard, I realized what each one was representing.
608	geline	PG	I walked into my kitchen to a very unexpected surprise, but with a cheery voice said 'Hey son, I didn't expect you and your friends to be here for the holidays, glad you could join me!' I did not recognize him or his friends, but being that I was old and outnumbered, I felt that feigning dementia was my best bet to make it through whatever was going to happen next.
609	geline	PG	The soft, wet *plaps* of the tentacles slapping the concrete in our driveway, followed by the dragging sound, told me that my fears had come home. The squids had arrived, and they were angry about the videos I'd been watching online.
610	geline	PG	The first trans-system shuttle was created in 2114, and reached the edge of our solar system in 2126. She returned to earth empty and on autopilot in 2130, with a message that read: “Stop or they’ll see you”.
611	geline	NC-17	I have a pen, I have an apple...' his wife began saying gleefully She stabbed the now red-inked pen into the flesh of his Adam's apple whilst saying the remaining words, 'Apple pen'.
612	geline	PG-13	There's a beautiful photo in my phone of my wife and I sleeping in bed with our newborn. I have no idea who took it.
613	geline	PG-13	I finally let go of the hurt that no one has checked in on me in weeks. But judging by the amount of flies in my mouth, I’m surprised my neighbors haven’t noticed the smell.
614	geline	PG-13	To my complete dismay and disbelief, my son announced that he idolized the serial strangler who recently struck our small town. I marched him straight down to the basement where I showed him that I did *way* better work in the 80s.
615	geline	PG-13	You think you're so clever closing your curtains so no one's peeking. Who said we were watching you from *outside* your window?
616	geline	R	That’s not a camel, that’s my wife! As the cactus juice’s hallucinogenics wore off, we saw what we’ve *actually* been eating for the past hour.
617	geline	R	My girlfriend’s dad excused himself from the dinner table and invited me to go out hunting with him. But when I wondered why he didn’t give me a gun, he leaned in close and whispered, “Run.”
618	geline	R	She cowered under the blankets as Daddy came in with whiskey on his breath, knowing what was to come. She squeezed her eyes shut when the deep voice under her bed growled, '*Not This Time, Bad Human*' ... and then the screaming started.
619	geline	G	In my house there is a door that never opens. Sometimes at night I hear what sounds like the creaking of old, rusted hinges.
620	geline	R	Sitting on the couch and staring expectantly at the blank tv screen, she asked, 'Is this movie going to be gory?' I was busy setting up the secret camera feed from the other room as I casually replied,'It should be....'
621	geline	NC-17	My wife was born with a condition that makes it so that she can’t feel pain The look on her face when she woke up and realized she had no limbs was priceless
622	geline	PG	Every night at 2am I hear a knocking on my bedroom door. What worries me most is that it sounds like the knocking is on my side of the door.
623	geline	PG-13	After hours of playing with the ouija board, one of the grieving twins agrees to be possessed by his dead mother so that the other can talk to her. Watching from the dimension where her soul is trapped, the mother wishes there was a way to let them know it's not her that moved the planchette.
624	geline	PG	It's not what it looks like!' I yelled. 'You're not the first intern I've let go for this', the mortician said.
625	geline	PG	I REALLY regret signing up to an Ancestry Discovery page. On the bright side, at least I now know where these small scars on the little finger side of my hands came from!
626	geline	PG-13	In sorry, but there's nothing we can do,' the doctor said to me while he turned off the machine. As my lungs began to fail, and vision go dark, the doctor left and added, 'There's just been a shortage of organ donors.'
627	geline	R	I want the source of all my sadness to be gone,' he said. 'Granted!' I replied, watching him collapse to the ground with a literally *empty* skull.
628	geline	R	I overheard my neighbor turning on their lawnmower in the distance. I quickly realized the gruesome fate before me, as I lay bound and gagged in their backyard.
629	geline	R	I entered the house, and on seeing a black-eyed kid standing on the living room ceiling, immediately ran away screaming. By the time the medical examiner finally removed the nails sticking her feet to the ceiling, the blood dripping from her burst sclera had already formed a small pool on the floor.
630	geline	R	Saint Peter greeted me at the pearly gates with a smile and told me it wasn't my time; so he'd be sending me right back. But the last thing I can remember before it all went black were my legs going into that woodchipper.
631	geline	PG	In the dying hope of the robot species, they sent out a capsule. One single cell organism that will hit Earth, and one day evolve into an intelligent species that will create them once again.
632	geline	PG-13	After he died, we knew our grandfather's spirit was still protecting us when we'd smell his cologne or hear him gently knock on our walls. Last week at 3 am, we heard three short knocks, three long ones and three more short, followed by sobbing and nothing since.
633	geline	NC-17	As the poppers blew the color blue at the gender reveal party. The relief was my only hope he wouldn’t do to a little boy what he does to me.
634	geline	PG	Grandma told me to get into the oven Dad's drunk again and its the last place he'll look.
635	geline	PG	I think I need some help with programming. I don’t think the sentient AI I created is supposed to be able to control the ventilation system.
636	geline	R	Daddy, daddy!' the boy in the werewolf costume exclaimed, 'Look at my mask; Isn't it scary?' 'It sure is Wolfman, but I think I've got you beat!' I replied, as I peeled his father's face off of my own.
637	geline	G	I waited as the clock turned 11:59 to 12:00 AM. But then I saw the words on my computers calendar, 'December 32.'
638	geline	PG	Ever since I came home from Iraq my wife hasn’t kissed, hugged, or even looked at me. Maybe it would have been easier if I had just died when I stepped on that landmine.
639	geline	R	If you look up on Google 'how does a leg sewed to an ear look like', you won't find any results. Because I haven't uploaded the picture yet.
640	geline	PG-13	“Come back,” she sobbed helplessly as the boat glided towards the horizon, “please come back.” Water was covering her ankles on what had once been a mountaintop as she tried to shield the screaming infant in her arms from the relentless raindrops, watching Noah’s ark grow smaller and smaller in the distance.
641	geline	PG-13	“Please bring me back my daughter and arrest that kidnapper!” the woman sobbed, clinging on to her distraught husband. I turned away from the TV and whispered, “Mr. Kidnapper, please don't return me to my parents.”
642	geline	PG-13	Blake thought that it was comical when the old witch cursed him to an eternity of living out his life's favorite moments... That was until he realized, that this time around, he'd experience them as his victims had.
643	geline	PG-13	Accident or not, I've never forgiven my daughter's killer. I've simply been waiting all these years for her to grow up and have a child of her own before taking my revenge.
644	geline	R	As I was shown the statistics of my life after death, I stared in horror at the 27 'assist kills.' The horror was far more striking for me, seeing as I was a suicide hotline worker.
645	geline	NC-17	He thought nobody would find out what he’d been doing to his daughter’s plushie dolls when she went to school. That is, until a strange bulge grew in the belly of one of the more eerily lifelike dolls, that soon began to kick with life inside it.
646	geline	PG-13	My daughter excitedly hopped onto my bed to tell me that Santa had came back. She was telling me she had let him in as I looked in horror to see a dirty homeless man covered in blood standing at my bedroom door.
647	geline	PG	i tried to plug my phone charger into the socket next to my bed. a hand grabbed it for me and whispered 'i got you'.
648	geline	PG	Today, city workers broke the concrete seal of the abandoned coal mine in honor of its 80th anniversary since closing. So you could understand their surprise to find several fresh hand prints lining the dusty cave walls inside.
649	geline	PG-13	My wife put a gun to her head and asked me if it was true that I had slept with my secretary I actually didn’t, but I lied and said yes because this would be much cheaper than the hit man I planned to hire Edit: holy shit this blew up. Thanks for the awards and upvotes :)
650	geline	PG	Three hundred years ago, my ancestors set sail for the Bermuda Triangle. Last night, they arrived on my doorstep.
651	geline	PG	Whenever I think I'm dreaming I usually count my fingers to see if I have more than five. I hear screams, the sky is red, there's a constant knocking at my door, and I'm counting only five fingers.
652	geline	PG-13	Today a boy came up to me at the daycare I work at and asked me about something he’d found in the attic. He’s the third witness I’ve had to kill today.
653	geline	R	I peeled the sunburnt skin and moaned in ecstasy. Hoping that the pleasure can make me forget the basal cell carcinoma that had developed on my clitoris.
654	geline	PG-13	My art professor scolded my friend because his work lack soul in it. A week later, a porcelain jar was found on his table in the lecture hall and when he opened it an agony-filled screech echoed through the hall.
655	geline	R	“Can you handle all seven inches?” My boyfriend whispered. As he sunk the knife further into my chest, I realised what he meant.
656	geline	R	My older son tormented my daughter about her imaginary friend ceaselessly, laughing as he pretended to stab the empty space next to her. His obnoxious cackling fell away as my daughter screamed and blood poured from the empty air all over the kitchen floor.
657	geline	PG-13	Every night, my brother giggles in his sleep. I asked him about it today, and he says he hears it too.
658	geline	PG-13	I really hope my girlfriend appreciates the diamond I got her. She has no idea how many graves I had to dig up before I found one I liked.
659	geline	PG	I picked up the phone to order us a pizza, telling him I would pay for it to make up for angering him. Unfortunately, my husband spends as much time on social media as I do.
660	geline	PG-13	Who wrote on the mirror while I was in the shower?' 'And what does 'TUO ƎM TƎ⅃' mean?'
661	geline	R	Where's my wife?' I screamed, after they told me I was the only survivor of the crash. 'Just look down,' answered the doctor, 'we had to graft your head onto something...'
662	geline	PG	Mommy came running into the room when her little daughter yelled that the monster was back. They both hid under the bed just before he unlocked the front door.
663	geline	PG-13	Gently reminder to our workers that ending your life won't end your obligation towards the company; The cost of resurrection will also be added to your debt.'
664	geline	PG-13	When I was young, my father always beat me because I wanted to be a ventriloquist Now that I have fulfilled what I want, I always have him with me on stage every time I perform.
665	geline	R	The giant smashed his head in and drank his insides until he was only a hollow shell All I could do was wait beside the other soda cans in the fridge, knowing one of us would be next
666	geline	R	[FEB22] The king came to regret allowing his pet tiger to roam the halls of the palace unsupervised. As he looked over the eviscerated and half eaten body of his beloved, he only had one question: what could do this to a tiger?
667	geline	R	I actually caught my old childhood toys moving around like in Toy Story. I haven’t touched my blow-up doll since.
668	geline	R	I finally got the sexy Goth Girlfriend of my dreams, and she invited me to her house for the night! I realized my fatal mistake only too late as she locked the door behind me, and I saw in the mirror she had no reflection.
669	geline	NC-17	After all those years of terror, I finally had the courage to cut my brother's throat in his sleep. While I watch him bleed to death, I'm wondering if they have coffins large enough for conjoined twins.
670	geline	R	Aren't you scared of the serial killer on the loose?' my passenger asked me, just as I noticed a knife in his pocket. 'Well,' I said, slowly reaching for mine, 'don't forget the one that never gets caught.'
671	geline	R	It had fangs, scales and it's arms were crookedly disfigured like undeveloped wings. As my wife lay dying on the birthing bed she uttered, 'I swear it's yours'.
672	geline	PG-13	I asked the genie for a book of future celebrity deaths Every date it the same “October 15 2021”
673	geline	R	When I realised someone much younger to me was stealing my husband, I decided to get rid of her [deleted]
674	geline	PG-13	Someone’s banging on the door outside, begging to be let in. But we’re a crew of 7 living on the international space station, and we are all accounted for.
675	geline	PG-13	My daughter did not win the beauty pageant and was devastated. She wouldn’t stop crying while I traded her for a much better little girl at the orphanage, one who was a sure bet to win next year.
676	geline	R	When I planted the tree, I imagined playing under it with my kids. Not seeing one of them swinging from it.
677	geline	R	While having sex with my girlfriend, I stuck it in the wrong hole I didn't mean to go for her mouth, but for the slash wound I had made in her throat.
678	geline	R	I petted the little puppy in my arms, reading all the praises and compliments after her rescue video reached 1M views on YouTube. With a smile I opened my phone camera, dropped her into the sewer, and started recording once again.
679	geline	R	I woke this morning, joyful that I could see again, throwing my glasses off of my face. Ever since She had ripped my eyes out, I waited for the day they'd grow back.
680	geline	R	[NOV21] The researcher could do nothing but sob as her daughter's hibernation pod was forced open. News reports later stated that the girl's remains were in the suitcase for over five years
681	geline	PG-13	Blood makes up 10% of weight in the body. I just want to be pretty.
682	geline	PG-13	Now Amy, as your psychologist, I'm a friend you can trust and you can tell me openly what that weird man said to you in the park' 'He said that no matter where you'd move, no matter if you blocked his number or changed locks, he'd find a way to get to you, even through a child.'
683	geline	PG-13	My mother claims she's being abused in the aged care home we put her in; from beatings to down right neglect. Good, she's going to know how her children felt all those years ago.
684	geline	R	The family enjoys their milk at the table. Little do they know, it was harvested from my creature.
685	geline	R	All I wanted was a baby,' she whispered to her shocked husband, her hand tightening around the handle of the knife protruding from his chest. She watched his confusion melt into alarmed guilt when, in her other hand, she held up the box of morning after pills he'd been sneaking into her food every morning.
686	geline	PG	I was having fun playing hide and seek with my son, for whom I hid in the wardrobe ... ... until I heard him say, 'I can see your feet!' from the other room.
687	geline	PG-13	I said 'I do' twice in my life. The first time to my wife on the altar, and the second, to the judge, when I acknowledged that the reduced sentence on my guilty plea was conditioned on me showing the police where her body was located.
688	geline	PG	The elevator shook violently and something snapped, but nobody screamed in terror as they accelerated towards impending death. After all, how often do elevators fall *up*?
689	geline	R	I thought that the morning my husband murdered me to be with his mistress was the worst day of my existence. Worse still was opening my eyes the next day to the sight of the two of them smiling down at me while the doctor cut the umbilical cord.
690	geline	R	Even though the doctors had told me one of my twins had consumed the other, the last thing I expected was giving birth to bone remains and that fucking thing.
691	geline	PG-13	As I watched the tornado barrel down the field of my grandfather's farm, faster, faster, faster, I realized just how stupid I had been to think I could outrun it to the safety of my family's old cellar. But as I made a sharp turn, feet sliding and slipping in the mud, the tornado sharply turned with me, and I realized, with a chill down my spine, that it wasn't just picking up speed--it was hunting.
692	geline	R	My grandma, a devout Catholic, has always ingrained in me that every life is valuable. I was a bit taken aback when I saw how elated she was at seeing my mother's disfigured body after the suicide.
693	geline	R	I never thought I'd be one to commit Suicide But Falling to my death is preferable to burning alive on the 87th floor.
694	geline	R	She jammed the stake through the vampire's heart as instructed, holding back her tears as she made sure none of the hunters knew about her relationship. It was the only way to protect the fetus in her womb.
695	geline	PG-13	When the Boulder hit me in the head and I didn’t die, it was the first time that I knew for sure that my wish for immorality had come true. As the rest of the landslide buried me, I knew I had made a terrible choice.
696	geline	R	“Please wait! Don’t go!”, I screamed and yelled, my voice drowned out by the roaring of the engines of the last escape spaceship taking off, leaving me behind on the ground. “I’ve made a mistake, it’s in square CENTIMETERS, not inches!”, I cried one last time.
697	geline	PG	I told the genie that I would want to never gain weight again I neglected to tell him that I wanted my weight to also change as I got taller and older.
698	geline	PG	I saved you, I saved you,' he said as he untied the ropes holding my arms. 'I saved you for last!'
699	geline	R	A teen had a brilliant idea at the party and added the dry ice to the pool. Soon after the pool was filled with bodies of once lively teenagers and a now eerie fog.
700	geline	PG-13	Monsters are scared of the light' I said, handing the flashlight to the child as I tucked them in goodnight. Knowing that those things outside could see the diversion through the window, I made haste towards the garage to start the car.
701	geline	PG	My third wish from the Genie was the ability to read minds. My blood ran cold when the first thing I heard was a series of 0’s and 1’s
702	geline	PG-13	I should call 911, that’s what I should do. But wait, how do I call 911 without fingers?
703	geline	PG	[AUG21] I received daily punishment and ridicule from my crew mates and captain for being the only deaf sailor. [deleted]
704	geline	R	Came home today to find my home a mess and the front door wide open 'Fuck' I thought to myself 'They found their way out'
705	geline	R	As I watched the doctors work to save my daughter from her overdose, only one thing went through my mind. Next time, I should up the dosage.
706	geline	R	It’s been crazy thanksgiving: my brother crashed my dads car, my mom caught my dad on tinder, and then my sister couldn’t find the baby. But it wasn’t until my dotty old grandma took the roasting pan out of the oven that the screaming really started.
707	geline	PG	Everyone stood in awe as they saw the number 10 projected in the sky 9
708	geline	PG-13	I can feel my heart pounding as I follow my daughter's footprints into the woods. The further they are from her wheelchair, the longer the digits they have.
709	geline	R	A middle aged womans body arrives on the table at our morgue, a gaping wide hole in the dead centre of her chest stares at me. Reaching inside to check for the vital organs, I feel something shake my hand.
710	geline	PG-13	I always had the ability to tell peoples future by holding their hand. As I held my daughters hand to cross the road nothing happened, that's when it hit me.
711	geline	PG-13	I got my sister a 'better luck next time' card, and got all of our family to write funny messages on it Watching her collapse to the floor weeping after reading it, made her infant son's funeral all the more enjoyable
712	geline	PG-13	“...and them good old boys were drinkin whiskey and rye, singing this’ll be the day that i die...” As I repeated the lyrics of American Pie one last time, I let out a bitter laugh to my friends and took one last shot of whisky knowing full well we’re not surviving whatever just ripped through the two police officers we called.
713	geline	PG-13	In a world where the date of everyone's death floats above their head, preparing for the end has become much easier. But when everyone on the plane saw their date change to today, they realized that sometimes the only thing you can do to prepare is scream.
714	geline	PG-13	When I was asked to perform maintenance on the space station I laughed at the idea of bringing the gun. As I hurtled through space with my broken tether trailing behind, it dawned on me that the gun wasn't because my crewmates were scared of little green men.
715	geline	PG-13	The first thing you get to do in heaven is watch a highlight reel of your choosing, so i went for 'all the times i nearly died'. I was confused by the days of footage, comprising every moment i was alone with my mother as a child.
716	geline	PG-13	I'm aware that you have spent the last 5 years with debilitating pain that has left you unable to work or function properly. It turns out that you were misdiagnosed, so if you start taking this medication your hormonal imbalance should be fixed and you should be able to get back to normal life within a month!
717	geline	PG-13	“Is mommy and daddy coming down too?” The bunker started shaking as I falsely reassured her that we’ll meet up with them later.
718	geline	G	“The fireworks seem off this year,” my wife commented as the city skyline lit up. I looked at my watch and realized we were still ten minutes from the New Year countdown.
719	geline	PG-13	The monster in the closet wrapped its tendrils around my body. 'I'm scared,' it whispered, and I hugged it tigher as the man with the gun searched for us in my room.
720	geline	PG-13	Little Timmy wanted to be a firefighter when he grew up. However, the fire in hell never goes out, especially for little boys who throw frogs.
721	geline	R	The woman started screaming in my face, as I pointed out to her that she was two hours late to pick up her son I told her it was her own fault for not enrolling her son in a no kill daycare, while attempting to hand over her son's remains
722	geline	R	This strange dead creature washed up on the beach yesterday and we're calling for scientists to come investigate', the mayor said in a press conference. I can't figure out if I'm more bothered by the fact that this 'creature' is obviously two mutilated bodies stitched together or that everyone in town is pretending it's not.
723	geline	PG-13	Baa Baa Black Sheep, Have You Any Wool?' 'Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full,' I told my abductor as he recorded me, after making me shave all the body hair of my dead parents and sister.
724	geline	PG-13	They say that everyone has a guardian angel. As I laid in my cell, chained up and unable to move, I came to the realization that my angel was guarding everyone from me.
725	geline	PG	I love being a pizza delivery guy! It makes it so much easier to get into the houses.
726	geline	PG-13	I couldn't move, breathe, or speak, but I could hear. 'We gather here today, to celebrate the life of a brother, a son, a husband, and a father.'
727	geline	R	Excited that she would soon complete her first hit and would be able to afford that operation she licked her lips in anticipation. He got to the motel room where he was to meet the escort his brother hired for his birthday, only to find a woman dead on the bed foam dripping from her mouth.
728	geline	PG-13	On the set of a horror film production, I was really impressed by the makeup done on the actress who was playing the role of a Demon. I was horrified when the makeup artist later told me that the Demon is actually a full CGI character.
729	geline	PG-13	“I wish the at every person on the planet would become as eco-friendly as possible” I said, grinning confidently at the smirking genie. I stopped grinning as I walked home through streets of people who had dropped dead, their bodies nourishing the starving soil.
730	geline	R	Before pulling the blindfold over my wife's eyes I signed to her 'Stay in the car, your surprise is in the trunk.' I know she can't hear the train but she doesn't need to see it either.
731	geline	PG-13	One last push!' The doctor said,as I laid on the hospital bed. None of us expected a pile of parasites to take place of a child.
732	geline	R	“A tight hold, quick twist, and strong pull are all you need to detach the head efficiently”. The bound man begged for mercy as his ex-wife started to unzip his pants.
733	geline	NC-17	My father always said, “You are young now, but soon you will grow up to be a man.” I struggled against my restraints as he injected me with another vial of testosterone, slowly destroying my goal of being head cheerleader.
734	geline	PG?	Ever since I went to my friend’s BBQ, I’ve been having body tremors. The doctor said I had a rare disorder called Kuru as I let out a burst of laughter.
735	geline	R	My abortion pills didn’t work when I was carrying my daughter. Now that she’s 30, I keep sneaking them into her food, hoping she’ll die, but it only kills her dreams of motherhood.
736	geline	NC-17	The mother screamed as I ripped the newborn out of her hands, before throwing it to the ground and caving in it's skull with my boot She lay there weeping as I explained to her that she should have carefully read the terms and conditions before agreeing to the new IPhone update
737	geline	G	I think that long, straight stretches of road are really relaxing and one of the my guilty pleasures. That saying, 15 straight hours of road, with no exits nonetheless, is a bit excessive.
738	geline	PG-13	The name ‘grandma’ made me feel so old the first time I heard it. My daughter cries all the time now, but I’m happy to just be ‘mom’ again.
739	geline	PG	I got cursed that if I ever saw a human again I would die I've been living with my family for 3 weeks and I'm still fine
740	geline	PG-13	My daughter was never good at hide-and-seek, always shouting 'Here I am!' whenever the seeker was nearby. This is why I had to smother her when the Nazis came calling.
741	geline	R	[FEB22] 'I'll take the tiger striped design,' I said to the nail tech. My confusion turned into a scream as she strapped my hands down, and started creating the stripes with pliers.
742	geline	PG-13	My mother always used to tell me that love would set me free. I knew what she meant when my husband tearfully pulled the plug.
743	geline	PG	My son shook me awake on the couch yelling “look mommy Santa’s here!” I grew cold at the sight of two rotten, jangly legs inching down from my chimney in the dark.
744	geline	PG-13	When I was young a psychic once looked at me and told me that one day I would lose my faith. Now, as I lay here in the burn center of the hospital on life support I realize that the psychic had a lisp.
745	geline	R	I’ve thought about it, and realized I don’t want to end my life. Not before I kill everyone who ruined it first
746	geline	PG-13	BBBBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.' The industrial fridge's overwhelming buzzing drowned out the trapped young girl's fading screams, while only a few steps away her parents left to join the search party on the 3rd night since reporting her missing.
747	geline	R	I asked my son if he meant to say 'degenerate' instead of 'de-generate.' As my body began to decay and fall apart he muttered under his breath 'I know what I said.'
748	geline	NC-17	I couldn't utter a single word as I stared at the corpse of my beloved cat Mittens, her ears torn-off and her tail missing. 'Remember we talked about pet/owner roleplay?' my boyfriend asked coyly as he took out a needle and thread.
749	geline	PG-13	The delectable smells wafting out of the oven were making me salivate. Ah, the perks of working at a crematorium.
750	geline	PG-13	“Mommy, these snowflakes taste funny!” My son’s words didn’t register as I stared at the mushroom cloud in the distance.
751	erin	PG	My little nephew is scared of me because he says there's a blind, mute, and deaf girl who follows me everywhere I go. After I somehow slowly became blind, he told me the little girl isn't blind anymore.
752	erin	PG	With advances in AI, the first machine capable of feeling pain was created in 2030 The first machine capable of *expressing* pain was created 30 years later.
753	erin	PG-13	After 2 weeks of radio silence the recovery team expected they would only find the astronauts' corpses. They did not expect to find their corpses riddled with human bites or the blood-written messages on the walls begging for more.
754	erin	PG-13	Ever since I was little, every person I made physical contact with, I was able to read their thoughts. When I shook my future boss' hand, I recoiled in fear and started to bleed from my eyes.
755	erin	PG	I pray our descendants never make the same mistake we did' sighed the astrophysicist, while launching the remaining human embryos towards the last habitable planet. 'If only we had stopped our greenhouse emissions earlier, we could have prevented the extinction on our home planet Venus.'
756	erin	R	I don't want to give up hope that one day some kind soul will save me and my little boy from my abusive monster of a husband. But every time our guests flee the house screaming before I've even opened my mouth to beg, my heart sinks a bit lower, and I wonder in silent tears if perhaps our fates were already sealed the day he beat us to death.
757	erin	PG	“If it wasn’t for you, I would have gone insane by now.” The man smiled warmly at the mirror and then headed off to work.
758	erin	PG	My painting of a sorrowful stone angel went viral on the Internet. Commentors raved about how it looked so real that it could almost walk out of the screen.
759	erin	PG	No one knew why some people just froze in place one day, but we learned to work around them in day to day life. Until they all started screaming.
760	erin	R	I cried as I ate the last mouthful of meat I had. I hope I'm found soon, or I'll have to eat my other leg as well.
761	erin	PG-13	Due to hyperfixation, I decided to time travel back to the 1600s to see what life was like. As the flames licked and crawled up my bound legs, I only wished I had thought of what my nervous tics would look like to the locals.
762	erin	PG	After ejecting from the pod and watching the rest of my crew blown to smithereens, I bidded my time and waited for the oxygen to run out in this cold, dark, infinite space. I realized that they weren't kidding about the self-sustainability of the new spacesuit as I stared at the visor that displayed 185D:23H:14M:30S.
763	erin	G	I brush my teeth twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. It usually takes a while though, as I have to get through all 9 sets.
764	erin	R	In my small cabin in the woods, I finally got a bear skin rug that I tracked, killed, skinned, and tanned myself. Like I always say, Gay Bars are the best hunting ground.
765	erin	NC-17	I listened in horror as she told stories of how she was repeatedly beaten and raped My girlfriend had threatened to make me regret splitting up with her, but I never realised how far she would go as I sat silently in the court room
766	erin	PG-13	Losing her forever isn’t the worst part about my sister committing suicide. It‘s the part where I am staring at her lifeless body attached to me as I wait for the inevitable.
767	erin	R	“With females you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”, my old man once said. &#x200B; So when my crush rejected me I made sure to press the barrel of the gun directly against her temple, ensuring 100% accuracy.
768	erin	PG-13	After bouts of feral clawing and pounding, the zombie horde broke through the door and flooded into the bedroom. Inside they found a seven-year-old girl cowering within her bedsheets, as the shadowy monster prowled out of its hiding spot under the bed.
769	erin	PG-13	It has been 50 years since the witch cursed me to die a horribly painful death, and now on my deathbed, I was finally hopeful that I had somehow escaped it. But as my eyes dimmed, and my pulse slowed to a stop, the emptiness surrounding my bed made clear what she meant.
770	erin	PG	I was so excited when my family finally decided to play with the dusty old ouija board. Maybe now I can finally tell them that it wasn’t a suicide.
771	erin	PG-13	My friend read somewhere that human flesh tastes like chicken. I'll find out tonight when I have my first chicken.
772	erin	R	He smiled, he had finally gotten rid of the vermin inside her. Although he couldn't take his wife's endless sobbing about her 'miscarriage'.
773	erin	PG-13	I wondered why my father still took me to swim in the lake after my brother drowned. Turns out the lady of the lake took the wrong son.
774	erin	PG-13	I'm not afraid of cementeries because souls only haunts the places where they died. Imagine my horror when I saw my sister's ghost next to her grave.
775	erin	R	Life couldn’t get any worse, so I pulled the trigger of the gun against my head. When I woke up in the hospital and heard the doctors, I realize life could get much worse.
776	erin	R	I again awoke to dozens of children's footprints in the snow around my cabin, and I followed them across the field to the nearest house for miles. While my elderly neighbor chuckled that they hadn't had children in decades, I could hear his wife complaining that her dolls' feet were wet again.
777	erin	PG-13	For forty years, my twin and I did everything the same way. Now that I’m on death’s door, there’s only one more thing to do—and the powder is already in her tea.
778	erin	PG	[FEB22] I breath a sigh of relief to be safe in the underground shelter. 'I can't believe I convinced you a tiger escaped a zoo', my friend said as he locks the door with a terrifying smile on his face.
779	erin	PG	[Feb22] When we tried to come up with cutesy nickname, my boyfriend called me 'tiger food' which I though was so weird and quirky. Then, one night, I heard a growling in his basement.
780	erin	R	I will fucking stab anyone who gets beteen me and my morning coffee It took 6 people for the office to realize i wasnt joking
781	erin	PG-13	That's my girl!' a loving father said after seeing his 6 year old daughter. 'I am sorry for your loss', the officer said as he zipped up the body bag.
782	erin	R	The spirit of my older brother came to me and told me his death wasn't an accident, pleading for me to avenge him. As daddy slips on the blocks I left on the top of the stairs, my brother smiles and pushes a ball to me in my crib before fading away.
783	erin	PG-13	The machine that I designed to understand animal's thoughts was a complete success However, hearing all of those chimps in cages screaming for help is something that will haunt me for the rest of my days.
784	erin	R	As their only child, mom and dad puts all of their hope onto me. I have to make sure I live up to their expectations or I will be dispose of and replace by another 'only child'.
785	erin	PG-13	For God's sake, Dad, you've told me that story twice already,' I interrupt as his joyful smile wanes. He hasn't, but those care home papers aren't going to sign themselves.
786	erin	R	I know I can't change your sexual orientation, but this way, my daughter, you won't be gay anymore.' The boy woke up to his mother's voice, only to realize something was missing from between his legs.
787	erin	PG-13	“Son, your dad was one mean drunk but he sure had a green thumb,” said the neighbour as he watched me water the roses from the fence. “He still does, mate”, I muttered softly as I ground that bastard’s fingers back into the softened earth under my feet.
788	erin	PG-13	Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a being was stirring, as I started to douse... ...the apartment in petrol, and whispered 'amen', their bodies before me, we're together again.
789	erin	R	The Sunday School teacher ran into the classroom as she screamed, “Abigail, what have you done?!” Abigail stood, smiling, over the bloodied corpses of the other children and said, “I just sent them to Heaven.”
790	erin	R	I couldn’t scream as they cut my appendages off and threw me into the ocean. Floating aimlessly to certain death I began to regret telling that Genie I wished to be a Shark.
791	erin	R	I gagged over the toilet unable to stop but nothing came out anymore. 'Was mom's flesh too much for you?' my sister asked as she ate the rest of the meal.
792	erin	R	I was out in the park again feeding the birds. They really enjoy how he tastes.
793	erin	R	I sighed with relief, sinking down into the warm bubbles after what had easily been the hardest week of my life. After all of the other injuries my captors had inflicted on me, being dissolved alive in acid was welcomed.
794	erin	PG-13	I roll my eyes as another unskippable ad plays on the small screen in my father’s hospital room. “Please Resume Eye Contact With The Advertisement Immediately To Continue Using The Complimentary Life Support Service.”
795	erin	PG-13	A friend of mine had a sip of the immortality elixir, while I drank the rest. She died 10,000 years later…so how much more time do I have left?
796	erin	PG-13	Whenever a member of a spacr crew asks us why there's a steel windshield coming down when they activate the FTL drive, the engineers always give the same answer : 'The glass wouldn't handle the pressure at that speed.' But really, we just want to preserve their sanity by not letting them see what lives past the barrier of light.
797	erin	R	[AUG21] Henry thought that being told to feed the pigs was punishment for what he did. When his father didn’t give him slop and locked the gate behind him, Henry knew it was much worse.
798	erin	G	It is a tradition in our family that we only begin putting out christmas decoration when the first snow starts falling. As the years passed by and our tradition got delayed further every winter I am afraid that we won't celebrate christmas this year at all...
799	erin	PG-13	That meal was quite delicious, but I'm not sure it was worth 200 billion dollars', the man said to the waiter. 'Well sir', the waiter replied, 'you did say you wanted to 'eat the rich''.
800	erin	R	I wasn't really upset that my big sister had a degenerative disease. It was the fact that every time one of her organs failed, I was expected to donate a replacement.
801	erin	PG	“Hello? Is anybody out there?” I called out as I walked through the dark forest After hearing the response I wish I had stayed silent
802	erin	NC-17	He'd been wrongly incarcerated for twenty-seven years until The Innocence Project took up his cause and found evidence that exonerated him. He stepped outside the prison gate, took his first breath as a free man in almost thirty years...and was instantly paralyzed from the neck down by a runaway car.
803	erin	PG-13	I promised myself that I wouldn't starve myself ever again, after I woke up in a hospital bed after passing out from hunger I began to second guess this decision after my mother came in to visit me, and pointed out how the hospital gown makes me look chubby
804	erin	PG-13	Our dairy farm still prints photos of missing children on all our milk cartons. It’s educational for consumers to know what each dairy cow was fed.
805	erin	R	My mother screamed in terror as the cops told her they had found the decapitated corpse of her daughter in the nearby lake. I tried to ignore her cries as I sat on my bed, braiding my sister's hair.
806	erin	PG-13	“Didn’t that guy kill, like, 15 children?” The teenage girl asked her friend “I know right?” Came the giggly, smitten reply.
807	erin	NC-17	With his pleas for help not being taken seriously, Jack felt suicide was the only option left. Instead the bullet left Jack paralyzed, mute and in the care of the woman he was desperately trying to escape.
808	erin	NC-17	I was shocked to have been charged with animal cruelty. Well, I suppose they don’t look human anymore.
809	erin	PG	You always check your child's candy after trick or treating But you never check the child under the mask
810	erin	PG-13	I was devastated when my hands had to be amputated to save my life. I felt worse when I saw the surgeon wearing them like gloves.
811	erin	PG-13	It almost feels like Christmas except I've got no eggnog. Thankfully, I can just milk some more from my creature.
812	erin	PG-13	I press my eye against the telescopic lens, fumbling with the frame to adjust it in the direction of the hottest star. Then, with a bang, she drops dead on the stage and all of her band members run for cover in helpless panic.
813	erin	PG-13	After fifty years of blissful marriage, I would have never thought my wife would abandon me broken and bedridden. As the days passed and my hunger grew unbearable, I crawled to the top of the stairs to see that she had, in fact, never left.
814	erin	R	I hate it when the neighborhood kids mess up my floral garden. The roses help dilute the smell of the rotten corpse beneath.
815	erin	PG	I used my first wish to become a billionaire, and I used my second one to find out what happens after death. I was planning to use my 3rd wish to free my genie, but instead I used it to become immortal.
816	erin	PG-13	Coming home late to find my wife already asleep, I climbed into bed, wrapped my arms around her and held her close. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I saw her tear-streaked face through the cracked closet door, mouthing for me to run.
817	erin	PG-13	I squeeze my wife tight and inhale the perfect moment. It's enough to keep me going as I save my progress, log out, and get ready for another day wage-slavery, customer abuse, and vending-machine meals.
818	erin	PG	I wish my worst enemy was dead,' I told the genie, after spending a month deciding what my first would be. I didn't even hear him say 'granted' before oblivion took me.
819	erin	PG-13	They say Jack the Ripper was a notorious serial killer in London. I'm flattered, but my name isn't Jack.
820	erin	PG-13	Professor Lupin was confused when the boggart turned into his students father. He had to step in when it took off its pants.
821	erin	NC-17	You guys wanna see a dead body?' he asked innocently to his group of friends. As all his friends followed him to the alley intrigued, he grabbed the gun from behind the dumpster, aimed it to his head with a smile, and pulled the trigger.
822	erin	R	I'm sorry, both of your eyes are gone from the accident,' the doctor said. I didn't know how to tell him that I can still see.
823	erin	PG-13	Forced to kneel on the ground, I used all my might to toss my head backwards, hoping to hit my kidnapper's stomach. I realised too late that he had pointed a knife at the back of my head.
824	erin	PG-13	“It’s a girl!” the nurse exclaimed, as he handed her to me. But if I’m holding her, why can I still feel the kicking?
825	erin	PG-13	My son always screams like a wounded animal when we cut his hair,' we told the psychiatrist, hoping for guidance. Several tests and doctors later, guilt brings me to my knees, when the genetic specialist describes the believed to be unique condition of live nerve endings in the boy's hair.
826	erin	PG-13	The engine died as my ship slowed, drifting aimlessly Through tears, I thanked Mission Control for packing a cyanide pill
827	erin	PG-13	Routine Every morning, I give my wife and daughter a kiss before I go to work. After I got into my car and licked my lips, I realized that they were finally starting to rot.
828	erin	R	They sealed up my body bag, with my air straw poking through the plastic. As they hefted me into the wet sand, I prayed that the tide would drown me before the creatures they had put inside of me hatched
829	erin	R	Every morning, I have a new face. Whoever keeps leaving those in my bed, please stop.
830	erin	PG-13	“The seemingly immortal beings that absorb electricity as their power source are killing civilians by the hundred” was the last thing I heard before my dad switched the TV off. And that’s when I realised he wasn’t anywhere near the remote.
831	erin	NC-17	King Midas turned all he touched into gold, until he reversed the curse by washing his hands in the river Pactolus. On returning to his palace only to hear screams and see wet misshapen blobs of flesh wriggle out of the treasury, he realized it was a terrible idea to have his wives and daughters melted down and cast into ingots.
832	erin	PG-13	I woke up during surgery. It took a while before I figured out why I had a scalpel in my hand.
833	erin	PG-13	“Dad why are you holding your thumb up like that?” “We need to get to the bunker now!”
834	erin	R	Dragging my young daughter by the hand, explosions everywhere, it felt like we were gonna make it. I yelled out; a couple more meters sweetie, only to look back and see I was dragging a limb without a body.
835	erin	R	You're overreacting,' I said to my partner, after our son swallowed a quarter. However we both started screaming when his eyes lit up and a stream of coins started spewing from his mouth.
836	erin	NC-17	Our patient wouldn't stop screaming as we began surgery 'I can't bear this anymore, we should start using anesthetics' said my assistant.
837	erin	PG-13	The villagers cheered upon discovering the terrible beast slain. But when none of the hunters laid their claim, it became evident that the creature had a natural predator.
838	erin	NC-17	“It’s okay, let it all out” I comforted my son, my hands cradling his wet face as he sobbed. I watched helplessly as his tears began to run red with chunks of flesh falling out of every hole in his face until all I was holding was his deflated skin hung loosely around bones.
839	erin	PG-13	The graffiti on the crushed church wall read, “GODISNOWHERE”. As I stand in the rubble and ash of the city, I’m not sure how to read it or which way is more terrifying to consider.
840	erin	R	“It’s actually more common than you think for a twin to consume the other during pregnancy.” The doctor said as we walked toward the delivery room. “It is however the first time one of the twins has also absorbed the host.” He continued, gesturing towards the hollow corpse that once was my wife.
841	erin	PG-13	As I laid there gasping from exhaustion, I smiled as I heard my newborn's first cry. But as the doctor announced the arrival of my daughter to the King Henry, I knew my life is about to end.
842	erin	PG-13	She was already asleep when he got home so he tucked her in, gulped down her unfinished night cap and switched off the bedside light. As he got into his side of the bed, a note fell from the bed, he began to read “I promise it was painless….”
843	erin	PG-13	The anaesthetist pulled down his mask momentarily, looked me in the eye, and I recognise him as the husband of the woman I’d been seeing. With broad smile he crooned “you can make your first incision doctor, he’s out, …” as I desperately tried to signal I wasn’t.
844	erin	PG-13	Honey! It's lagging again!' I shouted while turning the power on and off. But no matter how many times I flick the light switch, my reflection is always one second slower.
845	erin	R	I looked over at my daughter and couldn't believe how chubby she had gotten, so decided that she needed to go on a diet I could hear her crying in her crib as she wanted her milk, but knew that I would just be enabling her if I gave her food
846	erin	R	My doctor is brilliant, any cosmetic surgery I ask for he does; nose job, gastric band, tummy tuck I'm glad I found a doctor who can help my little girl.
847	erin	R	[SEP21] I'm nervous about changing clothes in the locker room after phys-ed because I'm afraid the other kids will point and laugh at me. Like, how am I supposed to explain all of these bruises from my father's belt?
848	erin	R	I stared at the empty pot of coffee and tried not to acknowledge the faceless woman crouched on the counter. We both knew that sooner than later, I would need to sleep.
849	erin	PG-13	I was told by an anonymous stranger that there would be seven dead bodies if I went to a specific set of coordinates. Once I had arrived, I was confused to only see six of them.
850	erin	PG-13	I don't want to see you any more, I hope you understand,' I said, reaching across the coffee shop table in what I hoped was a gesture of conciliation. As her eyes flashed and she launched herself at me, teaspoon in hand, I realised that she had not completely understood, and that she had a loophole in mind.
851	erin	PG-13	While working in the prison kitchen, I asked the guard if I should remove the skin off the meat before cooking it. 'Just the ones with tattoos.'
852	erin	NC-17	While in this killer's sick game, I failed to find the key in under minute and was forced to hear my son's screams while he was burned alive inside his cage. The killer then reappeared in the TV saying, 'And you didn't think to search your pockets'.
853	erin	R	As it turns out, every time I die, I go back in time 10 seconds to try and prevent my death. The fall from the building was about 11 seconds.
854	erin	PG-13	I finnaly finished my biography, so I happily added 'the end'. Then, everything started getting dark..
855	erin	PG-13	The human race cheered when the billionaires returned with news of a new Super Earth, and we boarded their space crafts gratefully. Little did we know that the billionaires had sold 99 percent of us as food to the aliens already occupying the planet in exchange for access to it, and that was where we were heading.
856	erin	PG-13	He leaned in, deepening the kiss and slithering his tongue against mine. He keeps going and now I can feels his tongue slithering down my throat.
857	erin	PG-13	It hasn't stopped snowing. It has been three long years and the entire Earth is still snowing, and we don't know why or what to do.
858	erin	R	In his final moments, the old man asked Death if he could see how his daughter’s life would turn out. A gun raised to her head and the trigger pulled, unable to overcome the decades of her father’s abuse.
859	erin	R	The old woman shakily scribbled “Get well soon” on my body cast in the shared hospital room. Crawling back into her bed next to mine, she forced the feeding tube back down her throat with a wide smile and returned to her comatose state.
860	erin	PG-13	To prevent my children from dying of starvation I cut a bit of myself to feed them. The poison I drank a while ago should be strong enough to kill them immediately.
861	erin	PG-13	The cleaner looks up from her mopping as there‘s a knock on the door of the cemetery chapel. With the next knock she realizes it’s not from the door.
862	erin	PG-13	Waking up in the hospital he realised his father had been right. He really couldn't commit to anything.
863	erin	R	A little puff of glitter shot into the air and I laughed. I continued pouring the fine dust into the helpless man's throat as he coughed.
864	erin	PG-13	I never believed in ghosts until I became one. Now that I watch my murderer living a happy life, unable to haunt or even appear before him, I learn that the thing I shouldn't believe in is justice.
865	erin	PG-13	The frantic knocking just wouldn't stop, so I finally rushed over to my front door and threw it open to find Death himself looming over me. At first, I thought he was there for me, until I saw the horrified look in his eyes and the colossal shadow behind him.
866	erin	PG-13	I didn't mean it' I screamed, trying to get out of the circle formed around me, begging for mercy. The circle of people only tightened, their angry faces and eyes tightening, yet they still wouldn't speak.
867	erin	PG-13	My heart sunk when the doctors gave me the result on my Scizophrenia testings. The tests were negative, THEY are real.
868	erin	R	But I never even met him!' she protested. 'I'm sorry my love, it's tradition' I sobbed, as I led my widowed nine year old to her husband's grave.
869	erin	PG	As I reach for the jar of pickles from the fridge I notice one of them squirming around
870	erin	PG-13	I opened my mouth to warn my twin about the man behind her Then I remembered that my laptop was off
871	erin	PG-13	I'm really sorry I have to go, my Dad's over there waiting' I answered. To this day I wonder, would I have still been able to arrive home if he knew that was a lie.
872	erin	PG-13	I could never bring myself to hurt a child because their screams would be too much to handle. But these noise-canceling headphones have changed everything.
873	erin	PG-13	Through hard work and determination, I've been clean now for 3 weeks! After all, I missed the voices; they're the only ones who truly understand me, unlike the doctors.
874	erin	PG-13	My bamboo garden is turning out to be more profitable than I would have thought. The secrets from the soldiers I’m torturing are worth a lot on the black market.
875	erin	NC-17	I was in my car late at night, when it broke down due to lack of gas. I hadn't eaten dinner yet, so I ate the first person who came to help.
876	erin	PG-13	I asked my wife why she kept looking for a grey car at the parking lot while ours is blue As she stared at me with her bright blue eyes that should be green, I started running to catch a bus.
877	erin	PG-13	After many years my prayers for everyone on Earth to turn vegan were answered. After five days most had completed their bovine transition but still 11 days later I can occasionally hear the screams of someone as they go through the final stages of their mutation.
878	erin	PG-13	My family has a mirror that shows how you'll look in one year. Tomorrow marks a year since I've last seen my reflection.
879	erin	PG-13	I never understood why some people are afraid of the dark. Like, come on, I’m here with you too.
880	erin	PG-13	The man stared as each of his friends blissfully went off the ship with beautiful women. He had hated being the only deaf member of the crew but now he cried and thanked the gods for his disability.
881	erin	PG-13	My friend showed me a gore video that he said was absolutely disgusting I tried to fake some emotion as I had already seen it before, but in person
882	erin	PG-13	The Fat kid in school went missing last week. Until today when the Lunchlady was arrested for 'inappropriate disposal of a body'.
883	erin	PG-13	Years ago while working on a very special project, an Engineer typed a one instead of a zero. As man fell to the Robot horde, no one would live long enough to discover the ability to feel hatred came down to a single typo.
884	erin	PG-13	I desperately tried to find the wedding ring, knowing that my husband would get very angry if I didn't. I had promised that I would never leave evidence in a crime scene again.
885	erin	R	I looked down at a clot I passed while on my period. I didn’t think much of it until it started moving.
886	erin	PG-13	Mistress tied me down on the bed and told me not to move while she went to make herself some dinner. I waited excitedly until I heard the smoke alarm go off and the front door open then close.
887	erin	PG-13	15 years ago, documents revealing all the atrocities done by the people in power were released to the public. Since then, nothings changed.
888	erin	PG-13	Following the sound of the child's crying, I make my way further into the cave. I feel my guide line suddenly go slack and, as my torch begins to flicker out, the crying slowly turns to laughter.
889	erin	PG-13	Do not fear earthlings, we have been studying human nature and human history to better assimilate with your kind. We will simply treat you the same way you have historically treated natives that you perceived as technologically inferior when entering new lands
890	erin	R	When the blood starts piercing the surface thats when you know the steak is medium rare.. I watched helplessly as Gordon was searing what was once my thigh muscle
891	erin	PG-13	I don't know what I expected to find when I began studying the Earth to learn more about its core. But I can guarantee I didn't expect to find the stomach just a few miles deep, and the real reason why we bury our dead.
892	erin	PG-13	As I was dunking the man in the church creek for baptism I recognized him as the one who had terrorized my niece. I put him under, baptizing him, in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit, and Mary and Joseph and the Twelve Apostles, and every other holy name I could think of, until he finally stopped twisting and jerking under the water.
893	erin	NC-17	I will always love you mom' I said as I tied the noose around my neck and kicked the chair from under my feet. ' I will always love you too' she said as she stood there watching me from the corner of the room, in the shadows.
894	erin	PG	The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout. Writhing in pain as the wasp ate it inside-out.
895	erin	PG-13	I walked into the church to confess my sins. Halfway to the alter I saw each statue adorning the walls turns its head to look away from me.
896	erin	PG-13	My wife had been having an affair, and yesterday I decided that I couldn’t take it any more so I sent her to be with him. With mail delays the way they are right now, I hope he can still recognize her head when he opens the first box.
897	erin	NC-17	he bashed the baby over and over with a hammer why wouldn’t it stop laughing?
898	erin	PG-13	Someone kept breaking into my apartment and scribbling occult symbols on the walls. I decided to fight weird with weird by summoning a demon, but it screamed and fled back to hell at the sight of my cat.
899	erin	PG-13	Everyone always talks about “skeletons in the closet”. What do I do if a skeleton comes out of the closet? (Urgent)
900	erin	PG	My name is Julia, and I'm extremely grateful that I get to live as a normal girl. You see, my parents are developmental psychologists, and they'd named my twin sister Control.
901	erin	PG-13	My wife's murderer was never convicted despite an overwhelming amount of evidence left at the scene of the crime. Maybe now our marriage counsellor will finally believe me when I tell her I don't get credit for anything no matter what I do.
902	erin	NC-17	My 6 month old son just won’t stop screaming. I thought breaking his neck would stop it but he just keeps going.
903	erin	R	I wished for the entire world to feel the way I do. Judging by the mass suicides, most people can't seem to handle it as well as I can.
904	erin	R	The detective didn't know what was worse, having to cut down the suicide victim... ...or the clawing at her throat showing she had changed her mind.
905	erin	PG-13	Fortunately, the nuclear bombs that dropped did not wipe out the human race Unfortunately, I can count all 12 survivors on a single hand
906	erin	PG-13	If you’re reading this, the operation failed. Although we’ve figured out how to project messages into your dreams, we haven’t figured out how to wake you from this decades-long coma you fell into after the surgery and we will have to remove your life support now.
907	erin	PG-13	My girlfriend collapsed to the ground screaming after I plunged the knife into her leg I felt a pang of guilt but it was the only way I could think of guaranteeing my survival, as the horde of undead were right behind us
908	erin	PG-13	I have schizophrenia, I cope with it by killing the monsters my mind creates. When the paranormal investigators arrived, I realised I didn't actually have schizophrenia.
909	erin	PG-13	Ever since I can remember, I've tried to spot my reflection looking at me in the mirror. One time I caught her looking away and she shrieked then hit the mirror so hard strange cracks spiderwebbed across my room.
910	erin	PG-13	I wasn’t scarred when the random guy online posted my location. Unlike me he doesn’t have details like which doors he forgets to lock or how long it would take for the police to arrive at his house.
911	erin	PG-13	I sat alone in the darkness, waiting for someone to come and fix the elevator, when I heard the guard's voice over the intercom. 'Don't worry, someone will be there soon to get you both out'
912	erin	PG-13	I finally moved into the half of the duplex I was looking into buying, and I found it weird that there was a hole in the bathroom wall. When I looked through it, I saw my neighbor standing in a bathroom that looked exactly like mine, and he was dressed exactly like me.
913	erin	PG-13	My abusive husband is so scared of me poisoning him that he makes me eat two bites from his plate every time we sit at the dinner table. If only he knew I'd been taking a drop of poison with every meal of mine for the past 3 years to build immunity, all for his last meal tonight-- that I'll be happy to share with him.
914	erin	R	My mom always say, 'Capture a man's heart through his stomach.' Even after five years of keeping and feeding my crush my homemade meals all he say is, 'Let me go.'
915	erin	NC-17	Police arrived at a block of flats after receiving multiple reports of a tall man coated head to toe in black grease assaulting women in the shower, before inexplicably escaping through the shower drain. They found the man's crushed, mangled body oozing out from a burst pipe at the void deck, the soap in the bathwater having washed off the magical grease on his body.
916	erin	NC-17	My next-door neighbours have been charged with child endangerment after their 11-year-old daughter was found locked in a cage in the basement. Being the person that built the cage, I feel sorry for the people looking after her, she hits puberty soon.
917	erin	PG-13	I thought it was cute and funny that my dad treated our dog like me. When I told my friends, however, they were confused and said their dads never locked them in cages.
918	erin	PG	I'm sorry, this just isn't working out,' he said grimly. I nodded and held his hand as we silently watched the water bubble up against the patchwork job and slowly fill the bottom of the lifeboat.
919	erin	PG-13	My husband kept wanting to spice things up in the bedroom He didn’t seem so happy when I poured sriracha all over his balls
920	erin	PG	My last wish is to live forever' I said to the Genie. The last thing I saw was the mischievous grin he gave in my body while I went into the lamp.
921	erin	PG-13	Powerless, I watched my son giggling and running in the distance. Holding his hand and leading him towards the train track, was a copy of me, giving me the most chilling smile I have ever seen.
922	erin	NC-17	[AUG21] The tooth fairy traced the scent to the boy’s stomach and realized the idiot child had swallowed a tooth in his sleep. She shrugged— she hated to dirty her claws by digging, but the boy simply had to be punished.
923	erin	R	The poor, abused woman was so grateful I’d dug up the coffin before she suffocated. I knew I should’ve stuck to sneaking into the morgue for action.
924	erin	PG-13	Desiring to be a real-life Spider-Man, I slowly lowered the irradiated arachnid onto my arm and allowed it to sink its teeth into my skin. But now, as my face is opening up to make room for six extra eyes and I have an uncanny craving for live animals, my regret is welling up inside of me.
925	erin	PG-13	I finally relented, allowing my husband to take our son to his high stakes poker game. When my husband came home alone, I realized I should have had him define 'high stakes' before they left.
926	erin	R	My landlord told me our building had a severe rat problem. As his goons smashed my knees in, I regretted talking to the police deeply.
927	erin	PG-13	We were cheering 13000 meters down, having found a new deepest point of the ocean. But now we've been surfacing for 15000 meters and we're still in the abyssal zone.
928	erin	PG-13	A tear rolled down my cheek as I witnessed my wife give birth to my healthy daughter As I disappeared again, I wondered If she would ever pay a visit to her father's grave
929	erin	PG-13	It was a torrid love affair between Teacher and Student, but I was afraid we'd be found out after all of the one on one training, so I had to silence her permanently. On the plus side, there is a new opening at the Obedience School and we're always looking for new puppies.
930	erin	NC-17	I had my cat for five years, and he was never really cuddly, until tonight, when he jumped on my lap on his own for the first time ever, and fell asleep. It was a lovely moment, until his belly bursted open and hundreds of worms poured on my legs, trying to get under my skin.
931	erin	PG-13	After months of relentless torture, I thought my suffering would finally end after my captor got bored and killed me. As my memories come back to me, I am filled with remorse and dread, knowing I still have 23 more of my victims’ lives to relive.
932	erin	PG-13	I didn't regret using my last wish for immortality even after the last star in the universe faded to nothing a trillion years ago. Because I used my second wish to find out what happens after death, and spending an eternity in the uncaring void of a dead universe was by far the better option.
933	erin	PG-13	I was certain which was the imposter now that I saw them standing side by side. But as my last bullet passed straight through his doppelgängers torso, I realised shooting my real brother would have been the kinder choice.
934	erin	PG-13	Killing me won't bring back your damn dog', said the bound man. 'You couldn't be more wrong', I said as I made the final preparations for the necromancy ritual.
935	erin	NC-17	I decided to surprise my husband with some early morning sex after discovering that he had morning wood The paramedic later explained to me that my husband died overnight and his erection was likely caused by rigor mortis
936	erin	R	Jeff, you idiot, I told you that's not how bleach works!' I scolded my son as he doused his eyes with it, desperate to unsee what I had done to his mother.
937	erin	R	The drag queen put on her hair, face, and boobs before the show. The crowd gasped when she walked onto the stage, dressed in a sequined gown and the rotting flesh of her victim.
938	erin	PG-13	So do you want me or my little sister?' she pouted, flaunting herself to the two males Death sighed and said 'I'm here for your sister, Satan is here for you after what you've done......'
939	erin	PG-13	The first indication that something was terribly wrong with our planet was the vast number of fish we found washed up on the shores. Numerous tests revealed that all the fish had died by drowning.
940	erin	PG-13	Something with my face is stalking me, please send help', was the text I just received from my brother, dated five days earlier. I thought about how he had just said at dinner an hour earlier that his camping trip had been totally uneventful.
941	erin	PG-13	“Sweetie, it’s daddy, let me in!” The voice outside kept calling and something kept knocking on the door, but it makes no sense considering Im in a 1man capsule orbiting Earth.
942	erin	PG-13	After shooting the doppelgänger; I ran towards my husband with open arms, “I love you josh..” I mumbled as I cried into his shoulder. “I’m sure he loved you to”
943	erin	PG	The kids decided to play doctor. Nobody realized they could reach the medicine cabinet.
944	erin	PG-13	The cop just told me that he was gonna have to write me a ticket for driving alone in the carpool lane. He’s gonna feel do stupid when he checks the trunk.
945	erin	PG-13	The psychic said that I would drown at the age of 17, so I avoided bodies of water for that year. I thought I was in the clear until, just a few hours before the day of my birthday, I heard the tsunami warning.
946	erin	PG-13	[AUG21] As punishment for making fun of a homeless man the other day, my mom is making me sleep in the cold garage for a night. But jokes on her, I snagged her keys and I'm already getting sleepy in the nice warm car.
947	erin	PG-13	[OCT21] My abusive boyfriend got a part-time job at a local carnival in the balloon-shooting game. My .22 rifle looks so much like a BB gun that before he even realized who I was, I'd already squeezed the trigger.
948	erin	PG-13	I was watching a CCTV recording of someone breaking into my house a couple days ago, while I was on vacation. Then I realized, there was not one recording of him leaving the house.
949	erin	PG-13	As I woke up from my surgery, I could hear someone yelling. “You idiot! How did you manage to amputate the wrong arm?!”
950	erin	PG-13	Honey, I'm pregnant!' she exclaimed, tears of happiness pricking the corners of her eyes. I rubbed the tender bruises on my arms and I felt my heart sink, knowing that now she'd always have something to hold over me.
951	erin	PG-13	The GPS is telling me there’s a major accident on the road ahead, but I don’t see one. Maybe it’s just my phone, let me see if it’s-
952	erin	PG-13	[DAY 52 RECORDING] Oxygen preservation will last me one more day, goodbye everyone. [DAY 175 RECORDING] I&)-(/$:&:@:CANT:@/)/)(/:&;&;@DIE-@/@/$:)
953	erin	PG-13	We had a warm autumn Saturday together, so I let my 6-year-old daughter bury me under a mountain of leaves. After I lifted myself out, I could only look around in confusion, never imagining that would be the last day I would ever see her.
954	erin	PG-13	Did you finish outlining all the bodies? Sir, we.....ran out of chalk.
955	erin	PG-13	The patient was dead for five minutes before I revived him. He sat up with red eyes, examined his hands and in a low growl said: 'This body will do.'
956	erin	PG-13	I just wish kids would stop daring each other to go to the graveyard at night. I really think I'm starting to get fat...
957	erin	PG-13	The Devil grabbed my wife by her hair and started dragging her away from me. 'You remember the deal, your first born child is mine.'
958	erin	PG-13	Aboard the ISS, we watch as time speeds up on Earth, so that a year passes with every 90 minute orbit. As years pass new structures are built, new technologies are launched, and on the night side of the 25th orbit, every light goes out, every city goes dark, and the sun rises to reveal a fate worse than death for every living thing below.
959	erin	PG	AITA for finding my (37M) wife's (36F) lip fillers disgusting? [deleted]
960	erin	PG-13	The prophecy said the world would end on October 14th, 2022. Horrified, I finally realized why when the doctor confirmed my due date.
961	erin	PG-13	Hey Tom, pass that over here,' said the large balding guy. 'I hate it when they call me that,' she thought.
962	erin	NC-17	I told my daughter that if she drank her milk, she would get strong bones She seemed a bit enthusiastic at first, and then I handed them to her and she started screaming
963	erin	PG-13	I lightly ran my fingers down the base of her spine as her body curved gently from the sensation. Thankfully she didn’t wake up and scream, alerting her family to my presence.
964	erin	PG-13	After my miscarriage, I’ve been so grateful for my other daughter Even if she doesn’t know she’s mine yet
965	erin	PG-13	I'd been digging for hours, never doubting my brother's insistence that there was buried treasure to be found. It wasn't until I saw him pull out his revolver that I realized I had been digging my own grave.
966	erin	PG-13	I had finally beaten the final boss on the game, which was something that no one had ever done before! It told me 'Thank you for freeing my spirit, but now you will take my place until someone beats you as well!'
967	erin	R	I eat my wife to prove her a liar As the agonizing screams came from within my stomach I came to the realization that she was indeed imortal.
968	erin	PG-13	Having lived my entire life on the mountain, I paced towards the sea, giggling as it ran away from me. Only when the sirens went off, I realized that maybe it wasn’t meant to move this way.
969	erin	PG-13	In frustration, I threw my chair at the man on the large monitor. My execution date is set in August.
970	erin	PG	I asked my friend where he was driving us, and he said we were going bowling. Little did I know, our car was the ball, and the 10 people lined up on the highway were the pins.
971	erin	PG-13	Aren't they beautiful?' I said to my girlfriend, lying back, gazing at the sea of stars above. I heard a sharp inhale next to me as my girlfriend was filled with unimaginable horror and she spoke; 'They're.... eyes.'
972	erin	R	My boyfriend died, but his body was mutilated so I couldn't even see his face one last time. It took me a few years to find people with the right features, but it won't be long before he's reassembled.
973	erin	PG-13	Human sleep for about 1/3 of their life, so I asked the genie if I can sleep for that amount of time and be awake for the rest of my life. I was horrified when I only slept in till noon the next day.
974	erin	NC-17	My (36F) daughter (10F) is rather chubby, so I’m trying to get her to lose weight. Wiring her mouth shut and feeding her through a straw has made her lose a lot of weight, but the wires are tough and her lips have fused together so I’m starting to think I might be the asshole here?
975	erin	PG-13	Having been blind from birth, I was so grateful that a new procedure had restored my sight and would, at last, allow me to see the faces of my children I had only ever heard. “Children?”, the doctors asked, alarmed…”you don’t have any children”.
976	erin	PG-13	The terrified girl took out a gun and fires at one of the robber as she heard the other robber screamed. 'Amy stop! It was just a prank!'
977	erin	PG-13	The white figure flapped in the midst of the rice field. I didn’t think much of it until my brother, who had stared it down with worry in his eyes, started laughing and flapping too.
978	erin	PG	I have a super power that instantly teleports me away from all danger. And one bright day, I teleported to another planet.
979	erin	PG-13	Trapped in the cave system and suffering from oxygen deprivation, I began to hear voices calling out from the depths, pleading for me to join them in the darkness below. That was bad enough, but I reached the surface a week ago, and I can still hear them.
980	erin	PG-13	At 18, a soulmate string appears that points in the direction of your soulmate. There are no planes in the night sky and yet my string is vertical.
981	erin	PG-13	My phone alerted me it’s at 5% so I open the photos app… …knowing this will be the last chance I’ll get to see my kids ever again.
982	erin	PG-13	As the apartment fell silent, I was relieved that my wife was finally able to soothe our baby after hours of non-stop crying. It was soon replaced with dread as all I could hear was the wind coming in through the open balcony door.
983	erin	G	Whenever I'm in a crowded area like a restaurant, I like to think 'I know you're reading my thoughts' and look around to see if anyone reacted. I wasn't expecting for the room to go silent as everyone turned toward me.
984	erin	PG-13	Do you think theres hope we'll make it out?' my buddy said, as we observed the stars. I glanced down at my almost empty oxygen tank, not having the heart to tell him my time was near.
985	erin	PG-13	I was trembling too much to lockpick correctly, and the safety pin tumbled from my hand and flew under the locked door. To my horror the long fingers of my abductor slid the bent pin back beneath, as he breathed: “*Try again*.”
986	erin	PG-13	I was nervous to visit my boyfriend’s house for the first time, since he told me his mother is overprotective of him. She jokingly said “Sorry dear, but he’s mine” as she firmly grabbed his thigh, but I couldn’t help but notice how uncomfortable he looked when she touched him.
987	erin	PG-13	I never used to believe in the paranormal. Now that I aimlessly roam these hospital corridors I've been converted
988	erin	PG-13	This is my last transmitted message: Something horrific is coming this way, prepare yourselves for the apocalypse.' The cosmonaut's message had reached Earth, but it was 50 years too late as the Earth had already gone to hell, ravaged by a cosmic horror.
989	erin	PG-13	“Wear red in your next video if you need help,” the comment said This was the fifth time I had used a color to call for help, the response was always “She’s doing it for attention”
990	erin	PG-13	The year is 2054, all forms of currency and transactions are stored in a digital wallet that is scanned through facial recognition As I entered the dark alleyway, two men threatened me with guns and handed me a carving knife - 'this is a robbery'.
991	erin	R	When the war ended, we planted strawberry seeds all over the no-man's-land between our warring sides. When the sparkling berries beckoned our old enemy's children in the summer sun, they quickly realized we never removed the mines.
992	erin	R	A couple months ago, I made an attempt to end my life, severely upsetting my family. Which is weird because since I tried, they act like I'm not even there.
993	erin	R	I am so happy we'll be together forever', he said, carrying her, in a wedding dress, through the doorframe. As a moan of dispair comes through her stiched lips, she can do nothing but wish she never accepted that ride back home from her new co-worker
994	erin	PG-13	I found a website that predicts the deaths of celebrities The funny thing is, after a certain point all the names display the same date, “25/8/2025”
995	erin	NC-17	My father told me that my body changing was part of growing up, and that I should embrace it I could tell he was trying his best to reassure me, but I could see the fear on his face as he gazed down at the eyeball peering out from the tip of my penis
996	erin	PG-13	Overcome by morbid curiosity, I click on the stream titled “NSFW Actual Murder LIVESTREAM!” Man, I really have lost a lot of hair in the back, huh?
997	erin	PG	My grandpa always told me how deers were a plague in America and how much deer he managed to kill among the years After his death and the discovery of his WW II stuff, we understood that 'deer' was just a codename...
998	erin	PG	The heavy breathing was coming from my closet. That would have been nice to know before I chose my hiding spot.
999	erin	PG	My landlord told me the building had a huge rat problem With the six foot figure standing at the end of my bed, I realize he didn’t mean in quantity
1000	erin	PG	I always thought that those “Heather is 2 miles away” ads on porn sights were just viruses. It wasn’t until the creature showed up at my house, did I realize that they were warnings.
751	sheehan	PG-13	My little nephew is scared of me because he says there's a blind, mute, and deaf girl who follows me everywhere I go. After I somehow slowly became blind, he told me the little girl isn't blind anymore.
752	sheehan	PG-13	With advances in AI, the first machine capable of feeling pain was created in 2030 The first machine capable of *expressing* pain was created 30 years later.
753	sheehan	r	After 2 weeks of radio silence the recovery team expected they would only find the astronauts' corpses. They did not expect to find their corpses riddled with human bites or the blood-written messages on the walls begging for more.
754	sheehan	r	Ever since I was little, every person I made physical contact with, I was able to read their thoughts. When I shook my future boss' hand, I recoiled in fear and started to bleed from my eyes.
755	sheehan	PG-13	I pray our descendants never make the same mistake we did' sighed the astrophysicist, while launching the remaining human embryos towards the last habitable planet. 'If only we had stopped our greenhouse emissions earlier, we could have prevented the extinction on our home planet Venus.'
756	sheehan	r	I don't want to give up hope that one day some kind soul will save me and my little boy from my abusive monster of a husband. But every time our guests flee the house screaming before I've even opened my mouth to beg, my heart sinks a bit lower, and I wonder in silent tears if perhaps our fates were already sealed the day he beat us to death.
757	sheehan	PG-13	“If it wasn’t for you, I would have gone insane by now.” The man smiled warmly at the mirror and then headed off to work.
758	sheehan	pg	My painting of a sorrowful stone angel went viral on the Internet. Commentors raved about how it looked so real that it could almost walk out of the screen.
759	sheehan	PG-13	No one knew why some people just froze in place one day, but we learned to work around them in day to day life. Until they all started screaming.
760	sheehan	r	I cried as I ate the last mouthful of meat I had. I hope I'm found soon, or I'll have to eat my other leg as well.
761	sheehan	r	Due to hyperfixation, I decided to time travel back to the 1600s to see what life was like. As the flames licked and crawled up my bound legs, I only wished I had thought of what my nervous tics would look like to the locals.
762	sheehan	PG-13	After ejecting from the pod and watching the rest of my crew blown to smithereens, I bidded my time and waited for the oxygen to run out in this cold, dark, infinite space. I realized that they weren't kidding about the self-sustainability of the new spacesuit as I stared at the visor that displayed 185D:23H:14M:30S.
763	sheehan	PG-13	I brush my teeth twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. It usually takes a while though, as I have to get through all 9 sets.
764	sheehan	r	In my small cabin in the woods, I finally got a bear skin rug that I tracked, killed, skinned, and tanned myself. Like I always say, Gay Bars are the best hunting ground.
765	sheehan	r	I listened in horror as she told stories of how she was repeatedly beaten and raped My girlfriend had threatened to make me regret splitting up with her, but I never realised how far she would go as I sat silently in the court room
766	sheehan	r	Losing her forever isn’t the worst part about my sister committing suicide. It‘s the part where I am staring at her lifeless body attached to me as I wait for the inevitable.
767	sheehan	PG-13	“With females you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”, my old man once said. &#x200B; So when my crush rejected me I made sure to press the barrel of the gun directly against her temple, ensuring 100% accuracy.
768	sheehan	PG-13	After bouts of feral clawing and pounding, the zombie horde broke through the door and flooded into the bedroom. Inside they found a seven-year-old girl cowering within her bedsheets, as the shadowy monster prowled out of its hiding spot under the bed.
769	sheehan	PG-13	It has been 50 years since the witch cursed me to die a horribly painful death, and now on my deathbed, I was finally hopeful that I had somehow escaped it. But as my eyes dimmed, and my pulse slowed to a stop, the emptiness surrounding my bed made clear what she meant.
770	sheehan	PG-13	I was so excited when my family finally decided to play with the dusty old ouija board. Maybe now I can finally tell them that it wasn’t a suicide.
771	sheehan	PG-13	My friend read somewhere that human flesh tastes like chicken. I'll find out tonight when I have my first chicken.
772	sheehan	r	He smiled, he had finally gotten rid of the vermin inside her. Although he couldn't take his wife's endless sobbing about her 'miscarriage'.
773	sheehan	PG-13	I wondered why my father still took me to swim in the lake after my brother drowned. Turns out the lady of the lake took the wrong son.
774	sheehan	PG-13	I'm not afraid of cementeries because souls only haunts the places where they died. Imagine my horror when I saw my sister's ghost next to her grave.
775	sheehan	r	Life couldn’t get any worse, so I pulled the trigger of the gun against my head. When I woke up in the hospital and heard the doctors, I realize life could get much worse.
776	sheehan	PG-13	I again awoke to dozens of children's footprints in the snow around my cabin, and I followed them across the field to the nearest house for miles. While my elderly neighbor chuckled that they hadn't had children in decades, I could hear his wife complaining that her dolls' feet were wet again.
777	sheehan	PG-13	For forty years, my twin and I did everything the same way. Now that I’m on death’s door, there’s only one more thing to do—and the powder is already in her tea.
778	sheehan	PG-13	[FEB22] I breath a sigh of relief to be safe in the underground shelter. 'I can't believe I convinced you a tiger escaped a zoo', my friend said as he locks the door with a terrifying smile on his face.
779	sheehan	PG-13	[Feb22] When we tried to come up with cutesy nickname, my boyfriend called me 'tiger food' which I though was so weird and quirky. Then, one night, I heard a growling in his basement.
780	sheehan	r	I will fucking stab anyone who gets beteen me and my morning coffee It took 6 people for the office to realize i wasnt joking
781	sheehan	r	That's my girl!' a loving father said after seeing his 6 year old daughter. 'I am sorry for your loss', the officer said as he zipped up the body bag.
782	sheehan	r	The spirit of my older brother came to me and told me his death wasn't an accident, pleading for me to avenge him. As daddy slips on the blocks I left on the top of the stairs, my brother smiles and pushes a ball to me in my crib before fading away.
783	sheehan	PG-13	The machine that I designed to understand animal's thoughts was a complete success However, hearing all of those chimps in cages screaming for help is something that will haunt me for the rest of my days.
784	sheehan	PG-13	As their only child, mom and dad puts all of their hope onto me. I have to make sure I live up to their expectations or I will be dispose of and replace by another 'only child'.
785	sheehan	PG-13	For God's sake, Dad, you've told me that story twice already,' I interrupt as his joyful smile wanes. He hasn't, but those care home papers aren't going to sign themselves.
786	sheehan	r	I know I can't change your sexual orientation, but this way, my daughter, you won't be gay anymore.' The boy woke up to his mother's voice, only to realize something was missing from between his legs.
787	sheehan	r	“Son, your dad was one mean drunk but he sure had a green thumb,” said the neighbour as he watched me water the roses from the fence. “He still does, mate”, I muttered softly as I ground that bastard’s fingers back into the softened earth under my feet.
788	sheehan	R	Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a being was stirring, as I started to douse... ...the apartment in petrol, and whispered 'amen', their bodies before me, we're together again.
789	sheehan	NC-17	The Sunday School teacher ran into the classroom as she screamed, “Abigail, what have you done?!” Abigail stood, smiling, over the bloodied corpses of the other children and said, “I just sent them to Heaven.”
790	sheehan	R	I couldn’t scream as they cut my appendages off and threw me into the ocean. Floating aimlessly to certain death I began to regret telling that Genie I wished to be a Shark.
791	sheehan	R	I gagged over the toilet unable to stop but nothing came out anymore. 'Was mom's flesh too much for you?' my sister asked as she ate the rest of the meal.
792	sheehan	R	I was out in the park again feeding the birds. They really enjoy how he tastes.
793	sheehan	R	I sighed with relief, sinking down into the warm bubbles after what had easily been the hardest week of my life. After all of the other injuries my captors had inflicted on me, being dissolved alive in acid was welcomed.
794	sheehan	PG-13	I roll my eyes as another unskippable ad plays on the small screen in my father’s hospital room. “Please Resume Eye Contact With The Advertisement Immediately To Continue Using The Complimentary Life Support Service.”
795	sheehan	PG-13	A friend of mine had a sip of the immortality elixir, while I drank the rest. She died 10,000 years later…so how much more time do I have left?
796	sheehan	PG-13	Whenever a member of a spacr crew asks us why there's a steel windshield coming down when they activate the FTL drive, the engineers always give the same answer : 'The glass wouldn't handle the pressure at that speed.' But really, we just want to preserve their sanity by not letting them see what lives past the barrier of light.
797	sheehan	R	[AUG21] Henry thought that being told to feed the pigs was punishment for what he did. When his father didn’t give him slop and locked the gate behind him, Henry knew it was much worse.
798	sheehan	G	It is a tradition in our family that we only begin putting out christmas decoration when the first snow starts falling. As the years passed by and our tradition got delayed further every winter I am afraid that we won't celebrate christmas this year at all...
799	sheehan	PG-13	That meal was quite delicious, but I'm not sure it was worth 200 billion dollars', the man said to the waiter. 'Well sir', the waiter replied, 'you did say you wanted to 'eat the rich''.
800	sheehan	PG-13	I wasn't really upset that my big sister had a degenerative disease. It was the fact that every time one of her organs failed, I was expected to donate a replacement.
801	sheehan	PG	“Hello? Is anybody out there?” I called out as I walked through the dark forest After hearing the response I wish I had stayed silent
802	sheehan	R	He'd been wrongly incarcerated for twenty-seven years until The Innocence Project took up his cause and found evidence that exonerated him. He stepped outside the prison gate, took his first breath as a free man in almost thirty years...and was instantly paralyzed from the neck down by a runaway car.
803	sheehan	PG-13	I promised myself that I wouldn't starve myself ever again, after I woke up in a hospital bed after passing out from hunger I began to second guess this decision after my mother came in to visit me, and pointed out how the hospital gown makes me look chubby
804	sheehan	PG-13	Our dairy farm still prints photos of missing children on all our milk cartons. It’s educational for consumers to know what each dairy cow was fed.
805	sheehan	R	My mother screamed in terror as the cops told her they had found the decapitated corpse of her daughter in the nearby lake. I tried to ignore her cries as I sat on my bed, braiding my sister's hair.
806	sheehan	PG-13	“Didn’t that guy kill, like, 15 children?” The teenage girl asked her friend “I know right?” Came the giggly, smitten reply.
807	sheehan	R	With his pleas for help not being taken seriously, Jack felt suicide was the only option left. Instead the bullet left Jack paralyzed, mute and in the care of the woman he was desperately trying to escape.
808	sheehan	R	I was shocked to have been charged with animal cruelty. Well, I suppose they don’t look human anymore.
809	sheehan	PG	You always check your child's candy after trick or treating But you never check the child under the mask
810	sheehan	PG-13	I was devastated when my hands had to be amputated to save my life. I felt worse when I saw the surgeon wearing them like gloves.
811	sheehan	PG-13	It almost feels like Christmas except I've got no eggnog. Thankfully, I can just milk some more from my creature.
812	sheehan	PG-13	I press my eye against the telescopic lens, fumbling with the frame to adjust it in the direction of the hottest star. Then, with a bang, she drops dead on the stage and all of her band members run for cover in helpless panic.
813	sheehan	PG-13	After fifty years of blissful marriage, I would have never thought my wife would abandon me broken and bedridden. As the days passed and my hunger grew unbearable, I crawled to the top of the stairs to see that she had, in fact, never left.
814	sheehan	PG-13	I hate it when the neighborhood kids mess up my floral garden. The roses help dilute the smell of the rotten corpse beneath.
815	sheehan	PG	I used my first wish to become a billionaire, and I used my second one to find out what happens after death. I was planning to use my 3rd wish to free my genie, but instead I used it to become immortal.
816	sheehan	PG	Coming home late to find my wife already asleep, I climbed into bed, wrapped my arms around her and held her close. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I saw her tear-streaked face through the cracked closet door, mouthing for me to run.
817	sheehan	PG	I squeeze my wife tight and inhale the perfect moment. It's enough to keep me going as I save my progress, log out, and get ready for another day wage-slavery, customer abuse, and vending-machine meals.
818	sheehan	PG	I wish my worst enemy was dead,' I told the genie, after spending a month deciding what my first would be. I didn't even hear him say 'granted' before oblivion took me.
819	sheehan	PG-13	They say Jack the Ripper was a notorious serial killer in London. I'm flattered, but my name isn't Jack.
820	sheehan	PG-13	Professor Lupin was confused when the boggart turned into his students father. He had to step in when it took off its pants.
821	sheehan	R	You guys wanna see a dead body?' he asked innocently to his group of friends. As all his friends followed him to the alley intrigued, he grabbed the gun from behind the dumpster, aimed it to his head with a smile, and pulled the trigger.
822	sheehan	R	I'm sorry, both of your eyes are gone from the accident,' the doctor said. I didn't know how to tell him that I can still see.
823	sheehan	PG-13	Forced to kneel on the ground, I used all my might to toss my head backwards, hoping to hit my kidnapper's stomach. I realised too late that he had pointed a knife at the back of my head.
824	sheehan	PG-13	“It’s a girl!” the nurse exclaimed, as he handed her to me. But if I’m holding her, why can I still feel the kicking?
825	sheehan	PG-13	My son always screams like a wounded animal when we cut his hair,' we told the psychiatrist, hoping for guidance. Several tests and doctors later, guilt brings me to my knees, when the genetic specialist describes the believed to be unique condition of live nerve endings in the boy's hair.
826	sheehan	PG-13	The engine died as my ship slowed, drifting aimlessly Through tears, I thanked Mission Control for packing a cyanide pill
827	sheehan	PG-13	Routine Every morning, I give my wife and daughter a kiss before I go to work. After I got into my car and licked my lips, I realized that they were finally starting to rot.
828	sheehan	R	They sealed up my body bag, with my air straw poking through the plastic. As they hefted me into the wet sand, I prayed that the tide would drown me before the creatures they had put inside of me hatched
829	sheehan	R	Every morning, I have a new face. Whoever keeps leaving those in my bed, please stop.
830	sheehan	PG-13	“The seemingly immortal beings that absorb electricity as their power source are killing civilians by the hundred” was the last thing I heard before my dad switched the TV off. And that’s when I realised he wasn’t anywhere near the remote.
831	sheehan	NC-17	King Midas turned all he touched into gold, until he reversed the curse by washing his hands in the river Pactolus. On returning to his palace only to hear screams and see wet misshapen blobs of flesh wriggle out of the treasury, he realized it was a terrible idea to have his wives and daughters melted down and cast into ingots.
832	sheehan	PG-13	I woke up during surgery. It took a while before I figured out why I had a scalpel in my hand.
833	sheehan	PG-13	“Dad why are you holding your thumb up like that?” “We need to get to the bunker now!”
834	sheehan	R	Dragging my young daughter by the hand, explosions everywhere, it felt like we were gonna make it. I yelled out; a couple more meters sweetie, only to look back and see I was dragging a limb without a body.
835	sheehan	R	You're overreacting,' I said to my partner, after our son swallowed a quarter. However we both started screaming when his eyes lit up and a stream of coins started spewing from his mouth.
836	sheehan	R	Our patient wouldn't stop screaming as we began surgery 'I can't bear this anymore, we should start using anesthetics' said my assistant.
837	sheehan	PG-13	The villagers cheered upon discovering the terrible beast slain. But when none of the hunters laid their claim, it became evident that the creature had a natural predator.
838	sheehan	NC-17	“It’s okay, let it all out” I comforted my son, my hands cradling his wet face as he sobbed. I watched helplessly as his tears began to run red with chunks of flesh falling out of every hole in his face until all I was holding was his deflated skin hung loosely around bones.
839	sheehan	PG-13	The graffiti on the crushed church wall read, “GODISNOWHERE”. As I stand in the rubble and ash of the city, I’m not sure how to read it or which way is more terrifying to consider.
840	sheehan	R	“It’s actually more common than you think for a twin to consume the other during pregnancy.” The doctor said as we walked toward the delivery room. “It is however the first time one of the twins has also absorbed the host.” He continued, gesturing towards the hollow corpse that once was my wife.
841	sheehan	PG-13	As I laid there gasping from exhaustion, I smiled as I heard my newborn's first cry. But as the doctor announced the arrival of my daughter to the King Henry, I knew my life is about to end.
842	sheehan	PG-13	She was already asleep when he got home so he tucked her in, gulped down her unfinished night cap and switched off the bedside light. As he got into his side of the bed, a note fell from the bed, he began to read “I promise it was painless….”
843	sheehan	PG-13	The anaesthetist pulled down his mask momentarily, looked me in the eye, and I recognise him as the husband of the woman I’d been seeing. With broad smile he crooned “you can make your first incision doctor, he’s out, …” as I desperately tried to signal I wasn’t.
844	sheehan	PG-13	Honey! It's lagging again!' I shouted while turning the power on and off. But no matter how many times I flick the light switch, my reflection is always one second slower.
845	sheehan	R	I looked over at my daughter and couldn't believe how chubby she had gotten, so decided that she needed to go on a diet I could hear her crying in her crib as she wanted her milk, but knew that I would just be enabling her if I gave her food
846	sheehan	R	My doctor is brilliant, any cosmetic surgery I ask for he does; nose job, gastric band, tummy tuck I'm glad I found a doctor who can help my little girl.
847	sheehan	R	[SEP21] I'm nervous about changing clothes in the locker room after phys-ed because I'm afraid the other kids will point and laugh at me. Like, how am I supposed to explain all of these bruises from my father's belt?
848	sheehan	R	I stared at the empty pot of coffee and tried not to acknowledge the faceless woman crouched on the counter. We both knew that sooner than later, I would need to sleep.
849	sheehan	PG-13	I was told by an anonymous stranger that there would be seven dead bodies if I went to a specific set of coordinates. Once I had arrived, I was confused to only see six of them.
850	sheehan	PG-13	I don't want to see you any more, I hope you understand,' I said, reaching across the coffee shop table in what I hoped was a gesture of conciliation. As her eyes flashed and she launched herself at me, teaspoon in hand, I realised that she had not completely understood, and that she had a loophole in mind.
851	sheehan	PG-13	While working in the prison kitchen, I asked the guard if I should remove the skin off the meat before cooking it. 'Just the ones with tattoos.'
852	sheehan	R	While in this killer's sick game, I failed to find the key in under minute and was forced to hear my son's screams while he was burned alive inside his cage. The killer then reappeared in the TV saying, 'And you didn't think to search your pockets'.
853	sheehan	R	As it turns out, every time I die, I go back in time 10 seconds to try and prevent my death. The fall from the building was about 11 seconds.
854	sheehan	PG-13	I finnaly finished my biography, so I happily added 'the end'. Then, everything started getting dark..
855	sheehan	PG-13	The human race cheered when the billionaires returned with news of a new Super Earth, and we boarded their space crafts gratefully. Little did we know that the billionaires had sold 99 percent of us as food to the aliens already occupying the planet in exchange for access to it, and that was where we were heading.
856	sheehan	PG-13	He leaned in, deepening the kiss and slithering his tongue against mine. He keeps going and now I can feels his tongue slithering down my throat.
857	sheehan	PG-13	It hasn't stopped snowing. It has been three long years and the entire Earth is still snowing, and we don't know why or what to do.
858	sheehan	R	In his final moments, the old man asked Death if he could see how his daughter’s life would turn out. A gun raised to her head and the trigger pulled, unable to overcome the decades of her father’s abuse.
859	sheehan	R	The old woman shakily scribbled “Get well soon” on my body cast in the shared hospital room. Crawling back into her bed next to mine, she forced the feeding tube back down her throat with a wide smile and returned to her comatose state.
860	sheehan	PG-13	To prevent my children from dying of starvation I cut a bit of myself to feed them. The poison I drank a while ago should be strong enough to kill them immediately.
861	sheehan	PG-13	The cleaner looks up from her mopping as there‘s a knock on the door of the cemetery chapel. With the next knock she realizes it’s not from the door.
862	sheehan	PG-13	Waking up in the hospital he realised his father had been right. He really couldn't commit to anything.
863	sheehan	R	A little puff of glitter shot into the air and I laughed. I continued pouring the fine dust into the helpless man's throat as he coughed.
864	sheehan	PG-13	I never believed in ghosts until I became one. Now that I watch my murderer living a happy life, unable to haunt or even appear before him, I learn that the thing I shouldn't believe in is justice.
865	sheehan	PG-13	The frantic knocking just wouldn't stop, so I finally rushed over to my front door and threw it open to find Death himself looming over me. At first, I thought he was there for me, until I saw the horrified look in his eyes and the colossal shadow behind him.
866	sheehan	PG-13	I didn't mean it' I screamed, trying to get out of the circle formed around me, begging for mercy. The circle of people only tightened, their angry faces and eyes tightening, yet they still wouldn't speak.
867	sheehan	PG-13	My heart sunk when the doctors gave me the result on my Scizophrenia testings. The tests were negative, THEY are real.
868	sheehan	R	But I never even met him!' she protested. 'I'm sorry my love, it's tradition' I sobbed, as I led my widowed nine year old to her husband's grave.
869	sheehan	PG	As I reach for the jar of pickles from the fridge I notice one of them squirming around
870	sheehan	PG-13	I opened my mouth to warn my twin about the man behind her Then I remembered that my laptop was off
871	sheehan	PG-13	I'm really sorry I have to go, my Dad's over there waiting' I answered. To this day I wonder, would I have still been able to arrive home if he knew that was a lie.
872	sheehan	PG-13	I could never bring myself to hurt a child because their screams would be too much to handle. But these noise-canceling headphones have changed everything.
873	sheehan	PG-13	Through hard work and determination, I've been clean now for 3 weeks! After all, I missed the voices; they're the only ones who truly understand me, unlike the doctors.
874	sheehan	PG-13	My bamboo garden is turning out to be more profitable than I would have thought. The secrets from the soldiers I’m torturing are worth a lot on the black market.
875	sheehan	R	I was in my car late at night, when it broke down due to lack of gas. I hadn't eaten dinner yet, so I ate the first person who came to help.
876	sheehan	PG-13	I asked my wife why she kept looking for a grey car at the parking lot while ours is blue As she stared at me with her bright blue eyes that should be green, I started running to catch a bus.
877	sheehan	PG-13	After many years my prayers for everyone on Earth to turn vegan were answered. After five days most had completed their bovine transition but still 11 days later I can occasionally hear the screams of someone as they go through the final stages of their mutation.
878	sheehan	PG-13	My family has a mirror that shows how you'll look in one year. Tomorrow marks a year since I've last seen my reflection.
879	sheehan	PG-13	I never understood why some people are afraid of the dark. Like, come on, I’m here with you too.
880	sheehan	PG-13	The man stared as each of his friends blissfully went off the ship with beautiful women. He had hated being the only deaf member of the crew but now he cried and thanked the gods for his disability.
881	sheehan	PG-13	My friend showed me a gore video that he said was absolutely disgusting I tried to fake some emotion as I had already seen it before, but in person
882	sheehan	PG-13	The Fat kid in school went missing last week. Until today when the Lunchlady was arrested for 'inappropriate disposal of a body'.
883	sheehan	PG-13	Years ago while working on a very special project, an Engineer typed a one instead of a zero. As man fell to the Robot horde, no one would live long enough to discover the ability to feel hatred came down to a single typo.
884	sheehan	PG-13	I desperately tried to find the wedding ring, knowing that my husband would get very angry if I didn't. I had promised that I would never leave evidence in a crime scene again.
885	sheehan	R	I looked down at a clot I passed while on my period. I didn’t think much of it until it started moving.
886	sheehan	PG-13	Mistress tied me down on the bed and told me not to move while she went to make herself some dinner. I waited excitedly until I heard the smoke alarm go off and the front door open then close.
887	sheehan	PG-13	15 years ago, documents revealing all the atrocities done by the people in power were released to the public. Since then, nothings changed.
888	sheehan	PG-13	Following the sound of the child's crying, I make my way further into the cave. I feel my guide line suddenly go slack and, as my torch begins to flicker out, the crying slowly turns to laughter.
889	sheehan	PG-13	Do not fear earthlings, we have been studying human nature and human history to better assimilate with your kind. We will simply treat you the same way you have historically treated natives that you perceived as technologically inferior when entering new lands
890	sheehan	R	When the blood starts piercing the surface thats when you know the steak is medium rare.. I watched helplessly as Gordon was searing what was once my thigh muscle
891	sheehan	PG-13	I don't know what I expected to find when I began studying the Earth to learn more about its core. But I can guarantee I didn't expect to find the stomach just a few miles deep, and the real reason why we bury our dead.
892	sheehan	PG-13	As I was dunking the man in the church creek for baptism I recognized him as the one who had terrorized my niece. I put him under, baptizing him, in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit, and Mary and Joseph and the Twelve Apostles, and every other holy name I could think of, until he finally stopped twisting and jerking under the water.
893	sheehan	R	I will always love you mom' I said as I tied the noose around my neck and kicked the chair from under my feet. ' I will always love you too' she said as she stood there watching me from the corner of the room, in the shadows.
894	sheehan	PG	The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout. Writhing in pain as the wasp ate it inside-out.
895	sheehan	PG	I walked into the church to confess my sins. Halfway to the alter I saw each statue adorning the walls turns its head to look away from me.
896	sheehan	PG-13	My wife had been having an affair, and yesterday I decided that I couldn’t take it any more so I sent her to be with him. With mail delays the way they are right now, I hope he can still recognize her head when he opens the first box.
897	sheehan	NC-17	he bashed the baby over and over with a hammer why wouldn’t it stop laughing?
898	sheehan	PG-13	Someone kept breaking into my apartment and scribbling occult symbols on the walls. I decided to fight weird with weird by summoning a demon, but it screamed and fled back to hell at the sight of my cat.
899	sheehan	PG-13	Everyone always talks about “skeletons in the closet”. What do I do if a skeleton comes out of the closet? (Urgent)
900	sheehan	PG	My name is Julia, and I'm extremely grateful that I get to live as a normal girl. You see, my parents are developmental psychologists, and they'd named my twin sister Control.
901	sheehan	PG-13	My wife's murderer was never convicted despite an overwhelming amount of evidence left at the scene of the crime. Maybe now our marriage counsellor will finally believe me when I tell her I don't get credit for anything no matter what I do.
902	sheehan	R	My 6 month old son just won’t stop screaming. I thought breaking his neck would stop it but he just keeps going.
903	sheehan	R	I wished for the entire world to feel the way I do. Judging by the mass suicides, most people can't seem to handle it as well as I can.
904	sheehan	R	The detective didn't know what was worse, having to cut down the suicide victim... ...or the clawing at her throat showing she had changed her mind.
905	sheehan	PG-13	Fortunately, the nuclear bombs that dropped did not wipe out the human race Unfortunately, I can count all 12 survivors on a single hand
906	sheehan	PG-13	If you’re reading this, the operation failed. Although we’ve figured out how to project messages into your dreams, we haven’t figured out how to wake you from this decades-long coma you fell into after the surgery and we will have to remove your life support now.
907	sheehan	PG-13	My girlfriend collapsed to the ground screaming after I plunged the knife into her leg I felt a pang of guilt but it was the only way I could think of guaranteeing my survival, as the horde of undead were right behind us
908	sheehan	PG-13	I have schizophrenia, I cope with it by killing the monsters my mind creates. When the paranormal investigators arrived, I realised I didn't actually have schizophrenia.
909	sheehan	PG-13	Ever since I can remember, I've tried to spot my reflection looking at me in the mirror. One time I caught her looking away and she shrieked then hit the mirror so hard strange cracks spiderwebbed across my room.
910	sheehan	PG-13	I wasn’t scarred when the random guy online posted my location. Unlike me he doesn’t have details like which doors he forgets to lock or how long it would take for the police to arrive at his house.
911	sheehan	PG-13	I sat alone in the darkness, waiting for someone to come and fix the elevator, when I heard the guard's voice over the intercom. 'Don't worry, someone will be there soon to get you both out'
912	sheehan	PG-13	I finally moved into the half of the duplex I was looking into buying, and I found it weird that there was a hole in the bathroom wall. When I looked through it, I saw my neighbor standing in a bathroom that looked exactly like mine, and he was dressed exactly like me.
913	sheehan	PG-13	My abusive husband is so scared of me poisoning him that he makes me eat two bites from his plate every time we sit at the dinner table. If only he knew I'd been taking a drop of poison with every meal of mine for the past 3 years to build immunity, all for his last meal tonight-- that I'll be happy to share with him.
914	sheehan	R	My mom always say, 'Capture a man's heart through his stomach.' Even after five years of keeping and feeding my crush my homemade meals all he say is, 'Let me go.'
915	sheehan	NC-17	Police arrived at a block of flats after receiving multiple reports of a tall man coated head to toe in black grease assaulting women in the shower, before inexplicably escaping through the shower drain. They found the man's crushed, mangled body oozing out from a burst pipe at the void deck, the soap in the bathwater having washed off the magical grease on his body.
916	sheehan	R	My next-door neighbours have been charged with child endangerment after their 11-year-old daughter was found locked in a cage in the basement. Being the person that built the cage, I feel sorry for the people looking after her, she hits puberty soon.
917	sheehan	PG-13	I thought it was cute and funny that my dad treated our dog like me. When I told my friends, however, they were confused and said their dads never locked them in cages.
918	sheehan	PG	I'm sorry, this just isn't working out,' he said grimly. I nodded and held his hand as we silently watched the water bubble up against the patchwork job and slowly fill the bottom of the lifeboat.
919	sheehan	PG-13	My husband kept wanting to spice things up in the bedroom He didn’t seem so happy when I poured sriracha all over his balls
920	sheehan	PG	My last wish is to live forever' I said to the Genie. The last thing I saw was the mischievous grin he gave in my body while I went into the lamp.
921	sheehan	PG-13	Powerless, I watched my son giggling and running in the distance. Holding his hand and leading him towards the train track, was a copy of me, giving me the most chilling smile I have ever seen.
922	sheehan	NC-17	[AUG21] The tooth fairy traced the scent to the boy’s stomach and realized the idiot child had swallowed a tooth in his sleep. She shrugged— she hated to dirty her claws by digging, but the boy simply had to be punished.
923	sheehan	R	The poor, abused woman was so grateful I’d dug up the coffin before she suffocated. I knew I should’ve stuck to sneaking into the morgue for action.
924	sheehan	PG-13	Desiring to be a real-life Spider-Man, I slowly lowered the irradiated arachnid onto my arm and allowed it to sink its teeth into my skin. But now, as my face is opening up to make room for six extra eyes and I have an uncanny craving for live animals, my regret is welling up inside of me.
925	sheehan	PG-13	I finally relented, allowing my husband to take our son to his high stakes poker game. When my husband came home alone, I realized I should have had him define 'high stakes' before they left.
926	sheehan	R	My landlord told me our building had a severe rat problem. As his goons smashed my knees in, I regretted talking to the police deeply.
927	sheehan	PG-13	We were cheering 13000 meters down, having found a new deepest point of the ocean. But now we've been surfacing for 15000 meters and we're still in the abyssal zone.
928	sheehan	PG-13	A tear rolled down my cheek as I witnessed my wife give birth to my healthy daughter As I disappeared again, I wondered If she would ever pay a visit to her father's grave
929	sheehan	PG-13	It was a torrid love affair between Teacher and Student, but I was afraid we'd be found out after all of the one on one training, so I had to silence her permanently. On the plus side, there is a new opening at the Obedience School and we're always looking for new puppies.
930	sheehan	R	I had my cat for five years, and he was never really cuddly, until tonight, when he jumped on my lap on his own for the first time ever, and fell asleep. It was a lovely moment, until his belly bursted open and hundreds of worms poured on my legs, trying to get under my skin.
931	sheehan	PG-13	After months of relentless torture, I thought my suffering would finally end after my captor got bored and killed me. As my memories come back to me, I am filled with remorse and dread, knowing I still have 23 more of my victims’ lives to relive.
932	sheehan	PG-13	I didn't regret using my last wish for immortality even after the last star in the universe faded to nothing a trillion years ago. Because I used my second wish to find out what happens after death, and spending an eternity in the uncaring void of a dead universe was by far the better option.
933	sheehan	PG-13	I was certain which was the imposter now that I saw them standing side by side. But as my last bullet passed straight through his doppelgängers torso, I realised shooting my real brother would have been the kinder choice.
934	sheehan	PG-13	Killing me won't bring back your damn dog', said the bound man. 'You couldn't be more wrong', I said as I made the final preparations for the necromancy ritual.
935	sheehan	R	I decided to surprise my husband with some early morning sex after discovering that he had morning wood The paramedic later explained to me that my husband died overnight and his erection was likely caused by rigor mortis
936	sheehan	R	Jeff, you idiot, I told you that's not how bleach works!' I scolded my son as he doused his eyes with it, desperate to unsee what I had done to his mother.
937	sheehan	R	The drag queen put on her hair, face, and boobs before the show. The crowd gasped when she walked onto the stage, dressed in a sequined gown and the rotting flesh of her victim.
938	sheehan	PG-13	So do you want me or my little sister?' she pouted, flaunting herself to the two males Death sighed and said 'I'm here for your sister, Satan is here for you after what you've done......'
939	sheehan	PG-13	The first indication that something was terribly wrong with our planet was the vast number of fish we found washed up on the shores. Numerous tests revealed that all the fish had died by drowning.
940	sheehan	PG-13	Something with my face is stalking me, please send help', was the text I just received from my brother, dated five days earlier. I thought about how he had just said at dinner an hour earlier that his camping trip had been totally uneventful.
941	sheehan	PG-13	“Sweetie, it’s daddy, let me in!” The voice outside kept calling and something kept knocking on the door, but it makes no sense considering Im in a 1man capsule orbiting Earth.
942	sheehan	PG-13	After shooting the doppelgänger; I ran towards my husband with open arms, “I love you josh..” I mumbled as I cried into his shoulder. “I’m sure he loved you to”
943	sheehan	PG	The kids decided to play doctor. Nobody realized they could reach the medicine cabinet.
944	sheehan	PG-13	The cop just told me that he was gonna have to write me a ticket for driving alone in the carpool lane. He’s gonna feel do stupid when he checks the trunk.
945	sheehan	PG-13	The psychic said that I would drown at the age of 17, so I avoided bodies of water for that year. I thought I was in the clear until, just a few hours before the day of my birthday, I heard the tsunami warning.
946	sheehan	PG-13	[AUG21] As punishment for making fun of a homeless man the other day, my mom is making me sleep in the cold garage for a night. But jokes on her, I snagged her keys and I'm already getting sleepy in the nice warm car.
947	sheehan	PG-13	[OCT21] My abusive boyfriend got a part-time job at a local carnival in the balloon-shooting game. My .22 rifle looks so much like a BB gun that before he even realized who I was, I'd already squeezed the trigger.
948	sheehan	PG-13	I was watching a CCTV recording of someone breaking into my house a couple days ago, while I was on vacation. Then I realized, there was not one recording of him leaving the house.
949	sheehan	PG-13	As I woke up from my surgery, I could hear someone yelling. “You idiot! How did you manage to amputate the wrong arm?!”
950	sheehan	PG-13	Honey, I'm pregnant!' she exclaimed, tears of happiness pricking the corners of her eyes. I rubbed the tender bruises on my arms and I felt my heart sink, knowing that now she'd always have something to hold over me.
951	sheehan	PG-13	The GPS is telling me there’s a major accident on the road ahead, but I don’t see one. Maybe it’s just my phone, let me see if it’s-
952	sheehan	PG-13	[DAY 52 RECORDING] Oxygen preservation will last me one more day, goodbye everyone. [DAY 175 RECORDING] I&)-(/$:&:@:CANT:@/)/)(/:&;&;@DIE-@/@/$:)
953	sheehan	PG-13	We had a warm autumn Saturday together, so I let my 6-year-old daughter bury me under a mountain of leaves. After I lifted myself out, I could only look around in confusion, never imagining that would be the last day I would ever see her.
954	sheehan	PG-13	Did you finish outlining all the bodies? Sir, we.....ran out of chalk.
955	sheehan	PG-13	The patient was dead for five minutes before I revived him. He sat up with red eyes, examined his hands and in a low growl said: 'This body will do.'
956	sheehan	PG-13	I just wish kids would stop daring each other to go to the graveyard at night. I really think I'm starting to get fat...
957	sheehan	PG-13	The Devil grabbed my wife by her hair and started dragging her away from me. 'You remember the deal, your first born child is mine.'
958	sheehan	PG-13	Aboard the ISS, we watch as time speeds up on Earth, so that a year passes with every 90 minute orbit. As years pass new structures are built, new technologies are launched, and on the night side of the 25th orbit, every light goes out, every city goes dark, and the sun rises to reveal a fate worse than death for every living thing below.
959	sheehan	PG	AITA for finding my (37M) wife's (36F) lip fillers disgusting? [deleted]
960	sheehan	PG-13	The prophecy said the world would end on October 14th, 2022. Horrified, I finally realized why when the doctor confirmed my due date.
961	sheehan	PG-13	Hey Tom, pass that over here,' said the large balding guy. 'I hate it when they call me that,' she thought.
962	sheehan	R	I told my daughter that if she drank her milk, she would get strong bones She seemed a bit enthusiastic at first, and then I handed them to her and she started screaming
963	sheehan	PG-13	I lightly ran my fingers down the base of her spine as her body curved gently from the sensation. Thankfully she didn’t wake up and scream, alerting her family to my presence.
964	sheehan	PG-13	After my miscarriage, I’ve been so grateful for my other daughter Even if she doesn’t know she’s mine yet
965	sheehan	PG-13	I'd been digging for hours, never doubting my brother's insistence that there was buried treasure to be found. It wasn't until I saw him pull out his revolver that I realized I had been digging my own grave.
966	sheehan	PG-13	I had finally beaten the final boss on the game, which was something that no one had ever done before! It told me 'Thank you for freeing my spirit, but now you will take my place until someone beats you as well!'
967	sheehan	R	I eat my wife to prove her a liar As the agonizing screams came from within my stomach I came to the realization that she was indeed imortal.
968	sheehan	PG-13	Having lived my entire life on the mountain, I paced towards the sea, giggling as it ran away from me. Only when the sirens went off, I realized that maybe it wasn’t meant to move this way.
969	sheehan	PG-13	In frustration, I threw my chair at the man on the large monitor. My execution date is set in August.
970	sheehan	PG	I asked my friend where he was driving us, and he said we were going bowling. Little did I know, our car was the ball, and the 10 people lined up on the highway were the pins.
971	sheehan	PG-13	Aren't they beautiful?' I said to my girlfriend, lying back, gazing at the sea of stars above. I heard a sharp inhale next to me as my girlfriend was filled with unimaginable horror and she spoke; 'They're.... eyes.'
972	sheehan	R	My boyfriend died, but his body was mutilated so I couldn't even see his face one last time. It took me a few years to find people with the right features, but it won't be long before he's reassembled.
973	sheehan	PG-13	Human sleep for about 1/3 of their life, so I asked the genie if I can sleep for that amount of time and be awake for the rest of my life. I was horrified when I only slept in till noon the next day.
974	sheehan	NC-17	My (36F) daughter (10F) is rather chubby, so I’m trying to get her to lose weight. Wiring her mouth shut and feeding her through a straw has made her lose a lot of weight, but the wires are tough and her lips have fused together so I’m starting to think I might be the asshole here?
975	sheehan	PG-13	Having been blind from birth, I was so grateful that a new procedure had restored my sight and would, at last, allow me to see the faces of my children I had only ever heard. “Children?”, the doctors asked, alarmed…”you don’t have any children”.
976	sheehan	PG-13	The terrified girl took out a gun and fires at one of the robber as she heard the other robber screamed. 'Amy stop! It was just a prank!'
977	sheehan	PG-13	The white figure flapped in the midst of the rice field. I didn’t think much of it until my brother, who had stared it down with worry in his eyes, started laughing and flapping too.
978	sheehan	PG-13	I have a super power that instantly teleports me away from all danger. And one bright day, I teleported to another planet.
979	sheehan	PG-13	Trapped in the cave system and suffering from oxygen deprivation, I began to hear voices calling out from the depths, pleading for me to join them in the darkness below. That was bad enough, but I reached the surface a week ago, and I can still hear them.
980	sheehan	PG-13	At 18, a soulmate string appears that points in the direction of your soulmate. There are no planes in the night sky and yet my string is vertical.
981	sheehan	PG-13	My phone alerted me it’s at 5% so I open the photos app… …knowing this will be the last chance I’ll get to see my kids ever again.
982	sheehan	PG-13	As the apartment fell silent, I was relieved that my wife was finally able to soothe our baby after hours of non-stop crying. It was soon replaced with dread as all I could hear was the wind coming in through the open balcony door.
983	sheehan	PG	Whenever I'm in a crowded area like a restaurant, I like to think 'I know you're reading my thoughts' and look around to see if anyone reacted. I wasn't expecting for the room to go silent as everyone turned toward me.
984	sheehan	PG-13	Do you think theres hope we'll make it out?' my buddy said, as we observed the stars. I glanced down at my almost empty oxygen tank, not having the heart to tell him my time was near.
985	sheehan	PG-13	I was trembling too much to lockpick correctly, and the safety pin tumbled from my hand and flew under the locked door. To my horror the long fingers of my abductor slid the bent pin back beneath, as he breathed: “*Try again*.”
986	sheehan	PG-13	I was nervous to visit my boyfriend’s house for the first time, since he told me his mother is overprotective of him. She jokingly said “Sorry dear, but he’s mine” as she firmly grabbed his thigh, but I couldn’t help but notice how uncomfortable he looked when she touched him.
987	sheehan	PG-13	I never used to believe in the paranormal. Now that I aimlessly roam these hospital corridors I've been converted
988	sheehan	PG-13	This is my last transmitted message: Something horrific is coming this way, prepare yourselves for the apocalypse.' The cosmonaut's message had reached Earth, but it was 50 years too late as the Earth had already gone to hell, ravaged by a cosmic horror.
989	sheehan	PG-13	“Wear red in your next video if you need help,” the comment said This was the fifth time I had used a color to call for help, the response was always “She’s doing it for attention”
990	sheehan	PG-13	The year is 2054, all forms of currency and transactions are stored in a digital wallet that is scanned through facial recognition As I entered the dark alleyway, two men threatened me with guns and handed me a carving knife - 'this is a robbery'.
991	sheehan	R	When the war ended, we planted strawberry seeds all over the no-man's-land between our warring sides. When the sparkling berries beckoned our old enemy's children in the summer sun, they quickly realized we never removed the mines.
992	sheehan	PG-13	A couple months ago, I made an attempt to end my life, severely upsetting my family. Which is weird because since I tried, they act like I'm not even there.
993	sheehan	R	I am so happy we'll be together forever', he said, carrying her, in a wedding dress, through the doorframe. As a moan of dispair comes through her stiched lips, she can do nothing but wish she never accepted that ride back home from her new co-worker
994	sheehan	PG-13	I found a website that predicts the deaths of celebrities The funny thing is, after a certain point all the names display the same date, “25/8/2025”
995	sheehan	R	My father told me that my body changing was part of growing up, and that I should embrace it I could tell he was trying his best to reassure me, but I could see the fear on his face as he gazed down at the eyeball peering out from the tip of my penis
996	sheehan	PG-13	Overcome by morbid curiosity, I click on the stream titled “NSFW Actual Murder LIVESTREAM!” Man, I really have lost a lot of hair in the back, huh?
997	sheehan	PG	My grandpa always told me how deers were a plague in America and how much deer he managed to kill among the years After his death and the discovery of his WW II stuff, we understood that 'deer' was just a codename...
998	sheehan	PG	The heavy breathing was coming from my closet. That would have been nice to know before I chose my hiding spot.
999	sheehan	PG	My landlord told me the building had a huge rat problem With the six foot figure standing at the end of my bed, I realize he didn’t mean in quantity
1000	sheehan	PG-13	I always thought that those “Heather is 2 miles away” ads on porn sights were just viruses. It wasn’t until the creature showed up at my house, did I realize that they were warnings.