853	R	As it turns out, every time I die, I go back in time 10 seconds to try and prevent my death. The fall from the building was about 11 seconds.
837	PG-13	The villagers cheered upon discovering the terrible beast slain. But when none of the hunters laid their claim, it became evident that the creature had a natural predator.
281	PG-13	I got home to find my girlfriend sitting comfortably on the sofa drinking wine. I’ve buried her seven times now
576	PG-13	“Why do you hate the church so much?” asked one of the old ladies to the man who defended me. It took me a second to realize what he meant when he took off his glove to reveal that his left hand was a prosthetic.
209	R	My wife loves climbing trees so seeing her sitting on a branch from the kitchen window made me smile. Only after she jumped did I see the rope tied around her neck.
610	PG	The first trans-system shuttle was created in 2114, and reached the edge of our solar system in 2126. She returned to earth empty and on autopilot in 2130, with a message that read: “Stop or they’ll see you”.
933	PG-13	I was certain which was the imposter now that I saw them standing side by side. But as my last bullet passed straight through his doppelgängers torso, I realised shooting my real brother would have been the kinder choice.
726	PG-13	I couldn't move, breathe, or speak, but I could hear. 'We gather here today, to celebrate the life of a brother, a son, a husband, and a father.'
48	PG-13	The idea of being the doctor performing my son's open heart surgery was terrifying, but I was the only surgeon on call. That fear turned to overwhelming relief when an 'accidental' slip of the scalpel led to me never having to pay child support ever again.
986	PG-13	I was nervous to visit my boyfriend’s house for the first time, since he told me his mother is overprotective of him. She jokingly said “Sorry dear, but he’s mine” as she firmly grabbed his thigh, but I couldn’t help but notice how uncomfortable he looked when she touched him.
338	PG-13	I was beyond annoyed with my wife as she had been singing Staying Alive by the Bee Gees all morning, and it had been distracting me from my work My heart sank as I walked into the kitchen to find my wife singing away, while administering CPR to our son's corpse
582	PG-13	AITA for taking my girlfriend's request that she never wanted to see me again literally? I did exactly as she asked, but she still hates me, could it be because I didn't use anesthesia?
156	PG	My paranoia always made me check behind every shower curtain before using the bathroom at someone's home. Unfortunately, it never made me think of a second step.
693	R	I never thought I'd be one to commit Suicide But Falling to my death is preferable to burning alive on the 87th floor.
863	R	A little puff of glitter shot into the air and I laughed. I continued pouring the fine dust into the helpless man's throat as he coughed.
791	R	I gagged over the toilet unable to stop but nothing came out anymore. 'Was mom's flesh too much for you?' my sister asked as she ate the rest of the meal.
573	G	I’m a little confused about my ancestry.com DNA test… I don’t really know what I was expecting but I definitely didn’t think it would come back negative.
242	PG-13	“Push harder, we can see her head coming through,” exclaimed the midwife. Little did they know, with every push she made, the cord tightened around my neck.
993	R	I am so happy we'll be together forever', he said, carrying her, in a wedding dress, through the doorframe. As a moan of dispair comes through her stiched lips, she can do nothing but wish she never accepted that ride back home from her new co-worker
789	R	The Sunday School teacher ran into the classroom as she screamed, “Abigail, what have you done?!” Abigail stood, smiling, over the bloodied corpses of the other children and said, “I just sent them to Heaven.”
981	PG-13	My phone alerted me it’s at 5% so I open the photos app… …knowing this will be the last chance I’ll get to see my kids ever again.
499	NC-17	I killed my brother five years ago Today, he pushed my chin up with the tip of his sword and told me that I was going to feel the same pain as he had.
108	PG-13	Standing by the patient's bedside, as I wrote in the report 'Death by asphyxiation', I noticed the patient gaining consciousness. Rolling my eyes, I grabbed a pillow.
768	PG-13	After bouts of feral clawing and pounding, the zombie horde broke through the door and flooded into the bedroom. Inside they found a seven-year-old girl cowering within her bedsheets, as the shadowy monster prowled out of its hiding spot under the bed.
840	R	“It’s actually more common than you think for a twin to consume the other during pregnancy.” The doctor said as we walked toward the delivery room. “It is however the first time one of the twins has also absorbed the host.” He continued, gesturing towards the hollow corpse that once was my wife.
932	PG-13	I didn't regret using my last wish for immortality even after the last star in the universe faded to nothing a trillion years ago. Because I used my second wish to find out what happens after death, and spending an eternity in the uncaring void of a dead universe was by far the better option.
301	R	Most children who draped their arm over the side of the bed and felt a scaly, skeletal hand grasp their own would have been terrified. But as the nightly sounds of screaming and breaking glass came from downstairs, all I could think was 'I'm so glad I'm not alone'.
387	PG-13	The black wave appeared in the distance, growing larger with each minute and swallowing up cars, trees and even houses as it approached. My voice cracked as I muttered 'That is a LOT of spiders.'
491	R	Look at me, Mommy!' Justin exclaimed as he climbed to the top of the couch. His Superman t-shirt was the last thing she saw when her toddler leapt through the open window and fell twenty stories to his death.
919	PG-13	My husband kept wanting to spice things up in the bedroom He didn’t seem so happy when I poured sriracha all over his balls
50	PG-13	Don't get me wrong, I'm not upset that my two-year-old son drew an eye on the wall. I'm upset that it blinks.
217	PG	Being a lighthouse keeper isn't too bad, and most nights are uneventful. But those nights when the fog comes and you see floating ghostly green lights, you must not under any circumstance leave the lightkeeper house.
888	PG-13	Following the sound of the child's crying, I make my way further into the cave. I feel my guide line suddenly go slack and, as my torch begins to flicker out, the crying slowly turns to laughter.
74	PG-13	The man dropped the knife, satisfied he avenged his wife's murder. The next day, the police called to say they caught the killer.
126	R	I hooked up with a date who told me she had a kink for bondage so obliged her request to tie me to a chair. She walked behind me saying she'd grab something and my heart stopped when I heard her start up the chainsaw.
566	PG-13	I finally did it, I put my consciousness in a computer. I didn't expect my body to get up, smile at me and shut down the computer.
263	PG-13	As I set the knight into place, I declared checkmate at the end of a long, long game of chess with Death. Now, knowing how badly burned and mangled my body had been after the accident, I wish I had lost.
718	PG-13	“The fireworks seem off this year,” my wife commented as the city skyline lit up. I looked at my watch and realized we were still ten minutes from the New Year countdown.
597	PG	After several months without rain, the farmer was delighted when he awakened to the sound of a downpour. It was when he walked outside to check on his crops and noticed the black droplets of water falling onto his skin that he realized it wasn’t normal rain.
670	R	Aren't you scared of the serial killer on the loose?' my passenger asked me, just as I noticed a knife in his pocket. 'Well,' I said, slowly reaching for mine, 'don't forget the one that never gets caught.'
310	PG-13	My grandma used to say turbulence was the ghosts of those who died in the sky trying to drag others down with them I didn’t believe her until I noticed the handprints on the outside of my window
804	PG-13	Our dairy farm still prints photos of missing children on all our milk cartons. It’s educational for consumers to know what each dairy cow was fed.
878	PG-13	My family has a mirror that shows how you'll look in one year. Tomorrow marks a year since I've last seen my reflection.
849	PG-13	I was told by an anonymous stranger that there would be seven dead bodies if I went to a specific set of coordinates. Once I had arrived, I was confused to only see six of them.
581	PG	We finally discovered god. When we did, he unfortunately discovered us.
865	PG-13	The frantic knocking just wouldn't stop, so I finally rushed over to my front door and threw it open to find Death himself looming over me. At first, I thought he was there for me, until I saw the horrified look in his eyes and the colossal shadow behind him.
448	R	“Death by 1,000 cuts”, That always sounded like overkill and I doubted a person would actually stay awake that long. Turns out if you shoot someone up with adrenaline they can stay awake long after you finish turning them into your personal carving project.
485	R	After surviving a airplane crash, I decided to get my life in order and the past 20 years have been near perfect. But then I woke up, still trapped under the burning airplane wreckage.
419	R	Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away. I shot my brains out on the walls they spray, then I go back to yesterday.
148	R	I tried to bathe my newborn in the sink, using lukewarm water and baby shampoo. I screamed in horror when she dissolved into a gooey pink sludge and trickled down the drain.
557	PG-13	The captives prayed desperately as the loudspeaker began announcing who will be executed that day. When the last name was called, the halls echoed with the muffled wails of those who must endure another year of torture.
324	PG-13	My recently fired coworker asked me to set off the fire alarm as a prank. His real plan became apparent after we were all grouped together outside in the evacuation area.
38	PG-13	[SEP21] “Alright children, as promised, we will be studying the human anatomy today!” “Honey, please don’t do this,” Father cried as Mother brought the scalpel across his abdomen.
587	PG-13	I’m not that kind of girl to freak out and scream when seaweed brushes up against me in the ocean. But this time it pulled and when I did scream nothing came out as the water rushed in.
439	PG-13	After being satisfied that I learned as much information as I could on every topic under the sun, I unfroze time after many years. Guilt ripped into me the moment the first person I encountered sobbed that they were conscious the whole time.
410	R	After 2 years of searching, she finally found her lost son. Unfortunately, he was found in the form of a skeleton in her attic.
53	PG-13	People think general anaesthetic puts you to sleep, but as an anaesthetist I know the truth. All anaesthetic does is paralyse you from moving and stop you forming memories of the excruciating surgical experience.
600	PG-13	What will you do if you're being chase by a killer? I'm hiding right now and I don't think he's going anywhere so any advice will be really helpful.
688	PG-13	The elevator shook violently and something snapped, but nobody screamed in terror as they accelerated towards impending death. After all, how often do elevators fall *up*?
880	PG-13	The man stared as each of his friends blissfully went off the ship with beautiful women. He had hated being the only deaf member of the crew but now he cried and thanked the gods for his disability.
717	PG-13	“Is mommy and daddy coming down too?” The bunker started shaking as I falsely reassured her that we’ll meet up with them later.
244	G	My friend dared me to go down the slide tunnel face first. It's been seven hours and I don't think this slide ends.
132	PG	I was flooded with repost comments, “Ugh, this has been circulating for months now”. But I had only taken this photo an hour ago.
563	PG-13	It was only after I slid the motorcycle helmet on I realised why it was an online discount. The inner padding wasn’t red, it was secondhand.
220	PG	“I’ll always be with you,” were my wife’s last words. I think of them as I stare at a dark figure standing in my doorway, not knowing whether it’s my wife or not.
96	PG-13	My Uncle said he would hold onto my lottery ticket until the numbers are drawn. When they called my number, he handed me his ticket and took mine with him to the gallows.
809	PG	You always check your child's candy after trick or treating But you never check the child under the mask
83	R	As the final bell rang, I heard a group of kids talking about hanging out after school. The next morning, I was horrified to see police around the school, investigating the disappearance of a student: Tyler Out.
697	PG-13	I told the genie that I would want to never gain weight again I neglected to tell him that I wanted my weight to also change as I got taller and older.
307	PG	My brother was scared stiff when he saw me crawling up from the foot of his bed in the middle of the night. I was about to laugh when suddenly I felt something grabbed my legs and pulled me under the bed.
957	PG-13	The Devil grabbed my wife by her hair and started dragging her away from me. 'You remember the deal, your first born child is mine.'
145	R	After the first time, my neighbors tended to hide their dogs when they went into heat… Let’s just say Clifford never let the size difference stop him.
1000	PG-13	I always thought that those “Heather is 2 miles away” ads on porn sights were just viruses. It wasn’t until the creature showed up at my house, did I realize that they were warnings.
416	PG-13	The little girl giggled at the sight of her older brother. 'He looks like a piñata hanging up there!'
549	PG-13	I was starving and desperate to survive. This is no world to raise a child in anyway.
5	R	Please don't-' I begged through gritted teeth, my plea suddenly cut short by the large man sawing deeper into my leg. 'Please - don't - stop,' I muttered through choked breaths, euphoria filling my body as I was finally fulfilling my fetish of being cannibalized alive.
705	R	As I watched the doctors work to save my daughter from her overdose, only one thing went through my mind. Next time, I should up the dosage.
708	PG-13	I can feel my heart pounding as I follow my daughter's footprints into the woods. The further they are from her wheelchair, the longer the digits they have.
144	PG-13	My mother once said “when boys hit you it means they like you!” As I lay in hospital I can’t help thinking how lucky I am to have such a loving husband.
270	PG-13	“As a grand prize winner, you may choose any two from the bottom shelf.” The other children and I tried to make ourselves as small and unassuming as possible as the large man approached us, his stomach growling.
927	PG-13	We were cheering 13000 meters down, having found a new deepest point of the ocean. But now we've been surfacing for 15000 meters and we're still in the abyssal zone.
480	PG-13	Grandma fell asleep for the last time, in the hospital bed. Something else woke up.
285	R	Gently so as not to wake her, he pulled her bra down and exposed her tits. Then he added a couple drops of arsenic to each nipple and faked asleep, waiting for their newborn twins to wake and cry out for breakfast.
890	R	When the blood starts piercing the surface thats when you know the steak is medium rare.. I watched helplessly as Gordon was searing what was once my thigh muscle
952	PG-13	[DAY 52 RECORDING] Oxygen preservation will last me one more day, goodbye everyone. [DAY 175 RECORDING] I&)-(/$:&:@:CANT:@/)/)(/:&;&;@DIE-@/@/$:)
295	PG-13	[JAN22] A Troll had been systematically ruining my career, my marriage, my friendships to the point I had to move back in with my mother on the other side of the country. As I look at what she left open on the screen, the realisation dawned on me that I should never have shown her how to use a computer.
951	PG-13	The GPS is telling me there’s a major accident on the road ahead, but I don’t see one. Maybe it’s just my phone, let me see if it’s-
14	PG-13	I felt happy for the first time in 14 years as we sat down and I prepared to say the magic words to finally leave this abusive relationship behind me for good. 'We're having a baby', she said with a widening grin as she saw color leaving my face.
706	R	It’s been crazy thanksgiving: my brother crashed my dads car, my mom caught my dad on tinder, and then my sister couldn’t find the baby. But it wasn’t until my dotty old grandma took the roasting pan out of the oven that the screaming really started.
516	R	I noticed diamond-shaped burns on my cattle, and then cuts, and then after a few weeks I'd find them completely drained of blood. The cattle mutilation stopped a few months ago, but this morning my little brother woke up with a diamond-shaped burn on his arm.
752	PG-13	With advances in AI, the first machine capable of feeling pain was created in 2030 The first machine capable of *expressing* pain was created 30 years later.
357	R	Ever since I adopted her, I often hear my daughter screaming at night, only to find her slapping and hitting herself multiple times in her bed. She said she misses her real parents, and doing that makes her feel like they're still with her.
122	PG-13	There are many children who pray to become orphans because of their horrible parents. I answer as many of their prayers as I can.
622	PG	Every night at 2am I hear a knocking on my bedroom door. What worries me most is that it sounds like the knocking is on my side of the door.
910	PG-13	I wasn’t scarred when the random guy online posted my location. Unlike me he doesn’t have details like which doors he forgets to lock or how long it would take for the police to arrive at his house.
896	PG-13	My wife had been having an affair, and yesterday I decided that I couldn’t take it any more so I sent her to be with him. With mail delays the way they are right now, I hope he can still recognize her head when he opens the first box.
984	PG-13	Do you think theres hope we'll make it out?' my buddy said, as we observed the stars. I glanced down at my almost empty oxygen tank, not having the heart to tell him my time was near.
473	PG-13	Having a history as the nightwatch for the local mall, I have heard some strange things. But by far, the sound of the mannequins clawing at the security gate has been the worst.
478	PG-13	As a neurosurgeon, plenty of former patients run up and tell me about how much what I did meant for them. It wouldn’t be so bad if it was just the ones that survived.
864	PG-13	I never believed in ghosts until I became one. Now that I watch my murderer living a happy life, unable to haunt or even appear before him, I learn that the thing I shouldn't believe in is justice.
956	PG-13	I just wish kids would stop daring each other to go to the graveyard at night. I really think I'm starting to get fat...
296	G	We laughed at the crazy old women trying to stop us diving into the ancient rock pool But when we surfaced we watched in horror as our skin wrinkled and hair greyed, so we screamed at the two young girls about to jump, warning them not to dive
730	R	Before pulling the blindfold over my wife's eyes I signed to her 'Stay in the car, your surprise is in the trunk.' I know she can't hear the train but she doesn't need to see it either.
379	PG-13	Threw a Penny down a well today and made a wish. I wish the police don't look for Penny down this well.
642	PG-13	Blake thought that it was comical when the old witch cursed him to an eternity of living out his life's favorite moments... That was until he realized, that this time around, he'd experience them as his victims had.
754	PG-13	Ever since I was little, every person I made physical contact with, I was able to read their thoughts. When I shook my future boss' hand, I recoiled in fear and started to bleed from my eyes.
59	PG-13	When I adopted my dog, the shelter warned me to be careful because he would sometimes steal human food. It wasn't until I saw my daughter's crib the next morning that I realized they didn't mean table scraps.
799	PG-13	That meal was quite delicious, but I'm not sure it was worth 200 billion dollars', the man said to the waiter. 'Well sir', the waiter replied, 'you did say you wanted to 'eat the rich''.
372	PG-13	I don't want diseases to exist on Earth anymore,' I said to the genie. And with that being said, humans began to fade from reality.
272	PG-13	Humans started dying off at an alarming rate After the miracle of science allowed them to sacrifice years off their lives to give to their pets
975	PG-13	Having been blind from birth, I was so grateful that a new procedure had restored my sight and would, at last, allow me to see the faces of my children I had only ever heard. “Children?”, the doctors asked, alarmed…”you don’t have any children”.
170	PG	She gently rest her face against mine and left it there as she walked away.
240	PG-13	I convinced my daughter to stop using drugs and accept meditation and prayer into her life “Schizophrenic” is just what the secular world uses to discredit God’s chosen ones.
208	PG-13	We'll pay you in exposure!' My boss exclaimed to me. 'WHAT????' I shouted back, as I was lowered into the reactor.
359	R	Cupid's arrow struck deeply into my chest and I felt an overwhelming sense of attraction for the patient in the hospital bed infront of me. All my life I made conscious efforts to stay away from the people I could potentially be attracted to, but I guess this time around I have no escape from my Erotophonophilia.
875	R	I was in my car late at night, when it broke down due to lack of gas. I hadn't eaten dinner yet, so I ate the first person who came to help.
601	PG-13	When offered the chance to see all the times I've almost died, of course I took it. As the scenes progressed from my infancy through to now, I couldn't help but notice the same strange man in all of them.
510	R	We finally found the school bus full of the missing 10 year old children at the very top of the mountain where no cars or buses could reach. All that was left of them was 60 neatly folded piles of skin.
435	PG-13	I confessed to my wife about what really happened to those missing school girls. After I told her, she said, “Who do you think was making sure their bodies weren’t found?”
586	PG-13	We were baffled when the footage showed no attackers, only a victim whose skin turned pale before he collapsed to the ground. 'Vampires have no reflections,' said one of our senior officers, 'so that means they can't be caught on tape either.'
35	R	I kissed my four year old son on the forehead and told him that I loved him, as he smiled up at me I felt horrible as I held the pillow over his face, but I just didn't want to continue to raise a child with disabilities
635	PG	I think I need some help with programming. I don’t think the sentient AI I created is supposed to be able to control the ventilation system.
434	R	I waved at mommy from inside the car as she placed her hands on the trunk And as it rolled into the lake, I could see her waving back
312	G	I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN' the girl screamed. But as the monkey's paw curled it's finger in her backpack she noticed her eyesight seemed to be getting worse.
702	PG-13	I should call 911, that’s what I should do. But wait, how do I call 911 without fingers?
476	PG-13	My dad's work clothes are covered in this pretty glowing blue dust. It makes me look like a beautiful fairy princess.
332	PG-13	My blood ran cold when I found out that people committed suicide after looking into the eyes of the girl I drew. I remember drawing her eyes closed.
474	PG-13	My heart pounded when I heard the intruder, and I reached for my knife with trembling hands. 'I get to do anything I want to them' I thought with excitement, donning my night vision goggles and hitting the circuit breaker.
616	R	That’s not a camel, that’s my wife! As the cactus juice’s hallucinogenics wore off, we saw what we’ve *actually* been eating for the past hour.
8	PG-13	I wish I had sunscreen Though as bad as the blisters are getting, at this point if I had any I would probably just eat it
422	NC-17	My wife and young daughter have been replaced by imposters, I know it! Now that I have them restrained, I'm going to use this blowtorch to get some ***FUCKING ANSWERS!***
267	PG-13	My husband cane back from hunting, seeming distressed and quiet, so I took his mind off and made love to him the only way i knew how. 6 months since, coroners found his body in the woods without skin, so what the fuck am i pregnant with?
57	PG	“It’s finally time to meet your older brother after all these years,” my mom said with a tremble in her voice. I started trembling too when she pried the first nail out of his coffin.
385	PG-13	After checking into the hotel, I realized all the doors had vanished.. When I asked the lady how I leave the building, her reply was, 'Oh, sir, we dont do that here...'
184	PG-13	What about us?!' the small angry ghosts cried out surrounding the people outside the church. 'But we saved the unborn...' said the nun nervously but the foster kids keeps glaring as they come closer to them.
392	PG-13	After years of therapy to help me come to terms with the fact that the 'family' I lived with weren't actually real, I finally made the leap and mercilessly slaughtered them all to break the illusion of their existence. When I called my therapist to tell her the news, my heart sank as the secretary told me that no one by that name had ever worked there.
872	PG-13	I could never bring myself to hurt a child because their screams would be too much to handle. But these noise-canceling headphones have changed everything.
201	PG-13	I felt so relieved after my heart surgery. I could finally release my scream after those 8 agonizing hours.
101	PG	1 day on this planet is 10 years on earth,' said the ship's AI 'I was programmed to inform you of this upon completion of your 12 day mission on the planet's surface.'
60	PG-13	I love you'' she smiled through teary eyes. I smiled back, it was working and I could probably start feeding her tomorrow.
495	PG-13	I was thrilled to obtain a waffle iron for Christmas this year making it so much easier to sear the faces of my victims to a golden brown every time
895	PG	I walked into the church to confess my sins. Halfway to the alter I saw each statue adorning the walls turns its head to look away from me.
147	R	We'll keep this our little secret, mommy doesn't need to know.' I sat in horror in my daughter's room as her pet parrot kept repeating the phrase.
686	PG	I was having fun playing hide and seek with my son, for whom I hid in the wardrobe ... ... until I heard him say, 'I can see your feet!' from the other room.
397	PG-13	After hours and hours of incessant, horribly painful climbing, i finally escaped my prison, reaching the light of the sky. My smile fell as my fingers touched a cold, painfully solid white LED ceiling.
894	PG	The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout. Writhing in pain as the wasp ate it inside-out.
317	PG-13	They knew the deaths were connected, the manner of death was proof enough of that, but the FBI could find no real connection between the hundreds of victims. At least not until the opera was anonymously released: each note a pitch perfect scream from a single victim.
177	PG-13	I hit send. and then a pedestrian.
181	G	As I got out of the Ford Police Interceptor and walked towards the cute young woman that I'd pulled over, I reflected that she really wasn't a criminal. The actual criminals are the companies that legally sell former police cars, realistic light bars, and real police uniforms to just anyone.
835	R	You're overreacting,' I said to my partner, after our son swallowed a quarter. However we both started screaming when his eyes lit up and a stream of coins started spewing from his mouth.
767	R	“With females you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”, my old man once said. &#x200B; So when my crush rejected me I made sure to press the barrel of the gun directly against her temple, ensuring 100% accuracy.
20	PG	When they first gave me immortality it was great because I got to see the world, have every job, learn every skill, love every type of person What they don’t tell ya is that after a few billion years the sun will explode and you’ll be endlessly drifting through darkness with nothing but memories of what once was and hope that you’ll hit a planet
807	NC-17	With his pleas for help not being taken seriously, Jack felt suicide was the only option left. Instead the bullet left Jack paralyzed, mute and in the care of the woman he was desperately trying to escape.
69	R	I wasn't sure what was worse. The fact that I found the rotting corpses of my parents in the basement Or the fact that I could hear them laughing upstairs.
796	PG-13	Whenever a member of a spacr crew asks us why there's a steel windshield coming down when they activate the FTL drive, the engineers always give the same answer : 'The glass wouldn't handle the pressure at that speed.' But really, we just want to preserve their sanity by not letting them see what lives past the barrier of light.
454	R	My mother told me that they sold it to buy my sister a new phone, and that I should stop being so entitled and learn to stand on my own two feet I just lay in my bed weeping and begging her to give me back my wheelchair
232	G	Four teens drove to the woods to investigate the goatman legend for themselves. Disappointed, they drew straws to see who would take the middle seat on the trip back.
617	PG-13	My girlfriend’s dad excused himself from the dinner table and invited me to go out hunting with him. But when I wondered why he didn’t give me a gun, he leaned in close and whispered, “Run.”
54	PG-13	My son was delighted as he splashed around in the rosy pink waters It was only when he went silent that I noticed the color beginning to deepen.
247	PG-13	Today, my wife showed up at my work unexpectedly. Somedays, I regret becoming a mortician.
914	R	My mom always say, 'Capture a man's heart through his stomach.' Even after five years of keeping and feeding my crush my homemade meals all he say is, 'Let me go.'
710	PG-13	I always had the ability to tell peoples future by holding their hand. As I held my daughters hand to cross the road nothing happened, that's when it hit me.
815	PG	I used my first wish to become a billionaire, and I used my second one to find out what happens after death. I was planning to use my 3rd wish to free my genie, but instead I used it to become immortal.
24	PG-13	For my final wish, i told the genie that I've always wanted a girl to climb on top of me and go crazy. But, like every wisher, I wished I'd worded it more carefully as the most attractive woman I'd ever seen jumped on top of my chest with a boxcutter.
337	PG-13	My 3 yr old has been sleeping with me lately because he says there was a man in his closet. As we lay in the dark last night, my closet door creaked open & my son whispered, “look momma, he’s in your closet too.”
571	R	I froze as I took in the sight of my wife’s cold and lifeless body. From behind me a voice said “Now we can be together”
812	PG-13	I press my eye against the telescopic lens, fumbling with the frame to adjust it in the direction of the hottest star. Then, with a bang, she drops dead on the stage and all of her band members run for cover in helpless panic.
482	PG-13	I was careful not to make a sound, so that my kidnapper would not find me. The efforts went to waste however as my phone lit up with my amber alert.
114	PG-13	The wolves had me cornered in the night forest and cursing myself for allowing this to happen, I turned to face them, dropping to my knees. Their snarls turned to whimpers as my skin sprouted hair, my bones snapped and reformed and soon I was ready to show these animals who the real beast was...
169	PG-13	Feeling the tremors, I grabbed my baby and made it out right before the building collapsed. Relief quickly turned to horror as I realized I was clutching an empty bundle of blankets.
763	G	I brush my teeth twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. It usually takes a while though, as I have to get through all 9 sets.
363	PG-13	The Realtor tapped his fingers on the basement door mindlessly, as he chattered on about the property and how impressively ancient it was. As I grabbed my wife’s hand and sprinted out of the building, I realised that they were right; learning morse code really can save lives.
698	PG-13	I saved you, I saved you,' he said as he untied the ropes holding my arms. 'I saved you for last!'
731	PG-13	One last push!' The doctor said,as I laid on the hospital bed. None of us expected a pile of parasites to take place of a child.
544	PG-13	After my Father unexpectedly committed suicide, it took me several years until I felt at peace enough to open the sealed suicide letter. I wish I’d opened it years ago, though, because this letter is not his handwriting.
26	R	I hold his handsome face in my hands, afraid that if I let go he'll fall apart. If only he had listened when I told him that playing with chainsaws was dangerous.
290	R	They told me that when I died, I would relive my happiest memory before dying. I felt confused and knew they must be wrong, as I watched my neck snap in the rope twice, and the world went black.
198	PG-13	I stood over the last of the shape-shifter's lifeless body and called out to my team, 'That's the last of them.' My Sergeant approached me and riddled me with bullets as he shifted to look like me and as I faded away, he said, 'That's the last of them.'
12	PG-13	He stroked his wife's wet hair and kissed her forehead as they gazed down lovingly at the newborn cradled between them. Ten miles away, the Queen stared down at her mewling newborn and whispered to her guard: 'Ferret out and kill all the other babes born this Eve as they should not have the same birthday as the princess.'
989	PG-13	“Wear red in your next video if you need help,” the comment said This was the fifth time I had used a color to call for help, the response was always “She’s doing it for attention”
629	NC-17	I entered the house, and on seeing a black-eyed kid standing on the living room ceiling, immediately ran away screaming. By the time the medical examiner finally removed the nails sticking her feet to the ceiling, the blood dripping from her burst sclera had already formed a small pool on the floor.
234	PG	I found an old diary documenting all my exploits, crushes, desires and darkest secrets. It's not my handwriting.
735	R	My abortion pills didn’t work when I was carrying my daughter. Now that she’s 30, I keep sneaking them into her food, hoping she’ll die, but it only kills her dreams of motherhood.
656	R	My older son tormented my daughter about her imaginary friend ceaselessly, laughing as he pretended to stab the empty space next to her. His obnoxious cackling fell away as my daughter screamed and blood poured from the empty air all over the kitchen floor.
243	PG	The baby's coming now, honey!' I screamed in agony. Tears streaming down our faces, we raised our bats and prepared to fight off the last of our zombified children.
277	R	News reports warned us for weeks that the new particle colision experiments might just prove to be one of the loudest sounds humans ever created. No one was prepared for the absolutely deafening silence.
78	NC-17	Disgusted with myself after cumming, I paused my sister's porn vid. Ten minutes later, I pushed start again, ready to try and identify who had dug her up.
917	PG-13	I thought it was cute and funny that my dad treated our dog like me. When I told my friends, however, they were confused and said their dads never locked them in cages.
699	R	A teen had a brilliant idea at the party and added the dry ice to the pool. Soon after the pool was filled with bodies of once lively teenagers and a now eerie fog.
445	PG-13	Only after I heard the door slammed shut and the intruder footsteps faded away that I came out from the closet. 'You fell for the oldest trick in the book.' was all I heard before something hit my head and everything turned black.
595	R	My wife and I always found it adorable that our daughter truly believed she would become a Disney princess. It wasn't until I heard my daughter giggling as I held my wife's bloodied body that I remembered: Disney princesses are often orphans.
68	PG-13	All alone in the suffocating pitch darkness of the oubliette, the loneliness gnawing away at my sanity, I thought that surely no fate could be worse than that. It wasn't until I noticed the shaky, wet breathing that I realized that there are worse things than solitude...
90	PG	I said go back to sleep!' my mom yelled angrily, while I lay in my bed shaking with fear. Its arm then slowly retracted into the wall, nails scratching along my blanket, as she continued, 'and leave my child alone!'
394	PG-13	My cousins and I were 5 when we wondered off into the forest without telling anyone. Now we’re 3 and the hunger is starting to kick in again...
155	PG-13	After months of silence, the men and women aboard the rocket were assumed to be dead and their mission was abandoned. [deleted]
674	PG-13	Someone’s banging on the door outside, begging to be let in. But we’re a crew of 7 living on the international space station, and we are all accounted for.
418	R	After 20 years in prison for sexual assault, the girls finally admitted they were lying for attention, and i am finally free again. Surely, the court won't believe them the second time?
300	PG-13	Trapped in the passenger seat of the burning car, I watched in amazement as the lone fireman appeared in a flash of light outside the window and deftly sliced the door off its hinges. *'No, I cannot help you,'* he said, pushing me aside to drag my friend out of the driver's seat, *'I'm his guardian angel, not yours.'*
727	R	Excited that she would soon complete her first hit and would be able to afford that operation she licked her lips in anticipation. He got to the motel room where he was to meet the escort his brother hired for his birthday, only to find a woman dead on the bed foam dripping from her mouth.
200	PG-13	Honey! Im pregnant' she said crying tears of joy In a way, hiding the fact I was sterile ended up playing in my favor.
511	PG	My mom said she throw away all the thing on my desk in my workshop because it is too messy. I watched in horror as the garbage truck drove away with all the sample of potentially dangerous microorganisms.
40	R	My baby brother is born with a zipper on his back. I unzipped it to find a crying newborn baby deep inside, covered in blood and a film of maggots.
207	PG	The news just broadcasted the most terrible thing I've ever heard. 'Stay indoors, there's an outbreak of airborne rabies'
531	PG-13	I finally figured out how to fuse people with animals! Too bad I could only figure out how to do it with cockroaches.
944	PG-13	The cop just told me that he was gonna have to write me a ticket for driving alone in the carpool lane. He’s gonna feel do stupid when he checks the trunk.
447	PG-13	When he found me trapped and paralyzed, he assumed my rapid blinking was meant to be “SOS” and went to get help. I was trying to say “RUN”.
483	PG-13	After lamenting that her days were all the same, she wished that just once, when she looked out of the window, she’d see something different than her drab neighborhood. The monkey’s paw curled as an ear-piercing whistling sound came from beyond the clouds.
526	PG	“This my stop, thanks,” she said. But he just kept driving…
769	PG-13	It has been 50 years since the witch cursed me to die a horribly painful death, and now on my deathbed, I was finally hopeful that I had somehow escaped it. But as my eyes dimmed, and my pulse slowed to a stop, the emptiness surrounding my bed made clear what she meant.
636	R	Daddy, daddy!' the boy in the werewolf costume exclaimed, 'Look at my mask; Isn't it scary?' 'It sure is Wolfman, but I think I've got you beat!' I replied, as I peeled his father's face off of my own.
268	R	Sirens don't lure men to their deaths. They'll drown any rapist that comes close enough.
371	PG-13	My wife told me it was just a nipple piercing, and I needed to stop being such a prude about it Our newborn daughter lay in her crib screaming in pain, while my wife took yet another picture to post on social media
916	R	My next-door neighbours have been charged with child endangerment after their 11-year-old daughter was found locked in a cage in the basement. Being the person that built the cage, I feel sorry for the people looking after her, she hits puberty soon.
679	PG-13	I woke this morning, joyful that I could see again, throwing my glasses off of my face. Ever since She had ripped my eyes out, I waited for the day they'd grow back.
838	NC-17	“It’s okay, let it all out” I comforted my son, my hands cradling his wet face as he sobbed. I watched helplessly as his tears began to run red with chunks of flesh falling out of every hole in his face until all I was holding was his deflated skin hung loosely around bones.
968	PG-13	Having lived my entire life on the mountain, I paced towards the sea, giggling as it ran away from me. Only when the sirens went off, I realized that maybe it wasn’t meant to move this way.
560	PG-13	Once I died I became a ghost, and since I had no physical limits on myself I left this world to explore the cosmos. It was wonderful until I got too close to a black hole: it turns out nothing escapes their attaction power, neither in the living world nor in the deceased's one.
843	PG-13	The anaesthetist pulled down his mask momentarily, looked me in the eye, and I recognise him as the husband of the woman I’d been seeing. With broad smile he crooned “you can make your first incision doctor, he’s out, …” as I desperately tried to signal I wasn’t.
569	PG-13	This shot will help save lives of many, the doctor said as he prepped the needle. My only thought was I could have killed many more, as they strapped me to the gurney and the curtains opened.
294	PG-13	A witch put a curse on me that would turn me into the last thing I ate She stepped back in horror when she saw that I stayed human
879	PG-13	I never understood why some people are afraid of the dark. Like, come on, I’m here with you too.
110	PG-13	It was a quiet night on the windy country road, the only signs of life were the taillights in his rearview mirror. He realized he hadn't seen another car in hours, and double-checked the mirror to see the crimson glow of what he mistook for taillights rapidly catching up to him.
149	R	My husband died in my arms, giving me the last bit of warmth to get through the blizzard. A day later, I still cannot move even an inch from my husband’s stiff corpse’s embrace and the cold winds are picking up again
100	PG	Papa won’t speak to me ever since I totaled his pickup I finally made it all the way home, but he just keeps sobbing and sobbing like I’m not even there.
382	R	As I was pronounced guilty for my wife's murder, I took a last look at my son. As a sinister smile went across his face, he knew no one would believe me.
346	PG	I saw a picture of myself on the news!' the little boy said gleefully to the woman gripping his hand, who stopped. With tears in their eyes, Death simply smiled and patted his head, leading him into the beyond.
545	PG	I wanted to scream 'HELP ME!!!' to them but no sound came out. The group then calmly moved over to the next exhibit in the wax museum.
245	PG-13	After finally defeating the werewolf, I stopped to take a breath while trying to get rid of the foul taste in my mouth from the creature's drool. However, when hair began sprouting at random parts of my body and my clothes began feeling tight, I realized that werewolves had other ways to infect their prey besides biting them.
136	R	Just a few more seconds and all this will be over' I remind myself. The doctor took advantage of me every night as I laid in my bed in a comatose state, cursed to endure everything he did to me, but not being able to resist one bit.
591	PG-13	I was driving as fast as I could, but there was no way I'd make it to the hospital before the baby came. By the time I pulled up in front of the emergency room neither my wife nor my daughter were making a sound
159	PG-13	I promised my girlfriend that if anyone ever hurt her I’d kill them That was before I knew she self harmed, but a promise is a promise
460	NC-17	I gasped as the firefighters extinguished the flames that ravaged the orphanage. I think I was the only one who saw them light them.
369	PG	“Grandma’s spirit will always be with you,” my mom assured me. It has been 12 years and she still sits in the corner, staring at me every night.
839	PG-13	The graffiti on the crushed church wall read, “GODISNOWHERE”. As I stand in the rubble and ash of the city, I’m not sure how to read it or which way is more terrifying to consider.
885	R	I looked down at a clot I passed while on my period. I didn’t think much of it until it started moving.
367	R	After three years of verbal, and mental, abuse inflicted to humiliate me Infront of my friends and coworkers I finally had my boss where I wanted him. Tied to the front of the deep friers in the kitchen all burning at max heat, right before I threw the bucket of ice water causing the skin-melting hot frier oil to boil over him.
406	PG-13	All my childhood I thought I was lactose intolerant. Turns out my “mother” just didn’t want me to see my face on the milk carton.
947	PG-13	[OCT21] My abusive boyfriend got a part-time job at a local carnival in the balloon-shooting game. My .22 rifle looks so much like a BB gun that before he even realized who I was, I'd already squeezed the trigger.
426	PG-13	I stand at my abusive husband's funeral, not even sad that he never attended mine But once he ascends, I'm dragging him down to Hell with me.
928	PG-13	A tear rolled down my cheek as I witnessed my wife give birth to my healthy daughter As I disappeared again, I wondered If she would ever pay a visit to her father's grave
912	PG-13	I finally moved into the half of the duplex I was looking into buying, and I found it weird that there was a hole in the bathroom wall. When I looked through it, I saw my neighbor standing in a bathroom that looked exactly like mine, and he was dressed exactly like me.
866	PG-13	I didn't mean it' I screamed, trying to get out of the circle formed around me, begging for mercy. The circle of people only tightened, their angry faces and eyes tightening, yet they still wouldn't speak.
942	PG-13	After shooting the doppelgänger; I ran towards my husband with open arms, “I love you josh..” I mumbled as I cried into his shoulder. “I’m sure he loved you to”
51	PG-13	The purebreed won the competition. The human smiled proudly to the other competitors as the owner pats his head.
344	NC-17	The nanny hired to look after the baby, killed, cut and cooked the baby in a pressure cooker. This is a true story from my town.
187	PG-13	The little girl begged and pleaded with her parents to take her to the hospital because her throat was swelling up and she couldn't breathe. 'She's probably just being dramatic,' her mother scoffed, as everyone went back to eating their crab legs.
816	PG	Coming home late to find my wife already asleep, I climbed into bed, wrapped my arms around her and held her close. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I saw her tear-streaked face through the cracked closet door, mouthing for me to run.
785	PG-13	For God's sake, Dad, you've told me that story twice already,' I interrupt as his joyful smile wanes. He hasn't, but those care home papers aren't going to sign themselves.
530	PG-13	He said he was gonna bring me great pain but jokes on him, I'm into that shit I realised how wrong I was when he brought my sister
185	G	I said I wanted a white one!' the spoiled girl in the pet shop shrieked, stomping her feet and begining to throw a fit. As the panicked store owner ushered me back to my cage, I was suddenly grateful for my dark skin.
643	PG-13	Accident or not, I've never forgiven my daughter's killer. I've simply been waiting all these years for her to grow up and have a child of her own before taking my revenge.
479	NC-17	My mother scolded me for being so materialistic, and that this could be the something borrowed for my sister's wedding I just lay there silently, staring down at the mastectomy scars, while my sister stood in front of the mirror admiring her new breasts
339	R	CAN I BE FRANK WITH YOU?' I wrote to her. Even from the front lawn, I could hear her screams as I put on her husband Frank's skin.
255	PG-13	The Scarecrow and the Tinman realised that Dorothy had a heart and a brain inside her flesh. All they had to do was take it.
818	PG	I wish my worst enemy was dead,' I told the genie, after spending a month deciding what my first would be. I didn't even hear him say 'granted' before oblivion took me.
286	PG-13	The secret police broke into our house to punish our dissidence. Right before the bag went over my head, I saw one of them give my young son some candy for his tip.
678	R	I petted the little puppy in my arms, reading all the praises and compliments after her rescue video reached 1M views on YouTube. With a smile I opened my phone camera, dropped her into the sewer, and started recording once again.
778	PG-13	[FEB22] I breath a sigh of relief to be safe in the underground shelter. 'I can't believe I convinced you a tiger escaped a zoo', my friend said as he locks the door with a terrifying smile on his face.
830	PG-13	“The seemingly immortal beings that absorb electricity as their power source are killing civilians by the hundred” was the last thing I heard before my dad switched the TV off. And that’s when I realised he wasn’t anywhere near the remote.
551	PG	I made a deal with the devil, my soul in exchange for painful revenge against those who wronged me. Too late I found that he takes payment in advance
876	PG-13	I asked my wife why she kept looking for a grey car at the parking lot while ours is blue As she stared at me with her bright blue eyes that should be green, I started running to catch a bus.
825	PG-13	My son always screams like a wounded animal when we cut his hair,' we told the psychiatrist, hoping for guidance. Several tests and doctors later, guilt brings me to my knees, when the genetic specialist describes the believed to be unique condition of live nerve endings in the boy's hair.
983	PG-13	Whenever I'm in a crowded area like a restaurant, I like to think 'I know you're reading my thoughts' and look around to see if anyone reacted. I wasn't expecting for the room to go silent as everyone turned toward me.
180	PG	HI, long time listener, first time caller' he said shyly. 'Who are you??' She gasped while looking at a dimly lit face outside her family home.
750	R	“Mommy, these snowflakes taste funny!” My son’s words didn’t register as I stared at the mushroom cloud in the distance.
227	R	A cougar gave me head last night. He dropped it at my feet and looked up at me with contented purr.
929	PG-13	It was a torrid love affair between Teacher and Student, but I was afraid we'd be found out after all of the one on one training, so I had to silence her permanently. On the plus side, there is a new opening at the Obedience School and we're always looking for new puppies.
1	R	The Murderer, watched the news station give info about his victims, who were found half eaten. He watched in confusion wondering who was eating the bodies he was burying.
634	R	Grandma told me to get into the oven Dad's drunk again and its the last place he'll look.
358	PG-13	It's so heartwarming to read all the love and support people send me every time I upload a video of my three-legged cat. And all it took was for me to cut one off.
258	PG-13	My girlfriend called me and said that she had to go to her uncle's house urgently so she couldn't come today. Who the hell did I just had sex with then?
224	PG-13	I repeatedly hit the frozen muscles of my face with the heel of my hand, trying to get them to relax. There were a few problems with the pills they give us to keep smiling, the main one being this takes longer every day.
494	PG-13	Even though it was our first date, I agreed to go up to his apartment, thinking how reminded me of someone. But when I went to the bathroom, I happened to look under the mirror cabinet and saw my own handwriting, 'he's hypnotizing you again'
538	PG	My girlfriend took me to meet her father, who was a mortician. The moment he saw, he started quaking and trembling and with a shaky jaw, he barely blurted out, 'I—I've seen you before.”
411	PG-13	“Wifi is going down, I’m gonna have to call you back,” I say to my friend and end our video call. Whatever that thing was that I saw creeping into frame behind him, I sure as hell don’t want it to know my face.
696	R	“Please wait! Don’t go!”, I screamed and yelled, my voice drowned out by the roaring of the engines of the last escape spaceship taking off, leaving me behind on the ground. “I’ve made a mistake, it’s in square CENTIMETERS, not inches!”, I cried one last time.
70	PG-13	I used to think space was so lonely. I would give anything for that to be true.
973	PG-13	Human sleep for about 1/3 of their life, so I asked the genie if I can sleep for that amount of time and be awake for the rest of my life. I was horrified when I only slept in till noon the next day.
907	PG-13	My girlfriend collapsed to the ground screaming after I plunged the knife into her leg I felt a pang of guilt but it was the only way I could think of guaranteeing my survival, as the horde of undead were right behind us
7	PG-13	Sleeping in the same room as my sister is starting to be hard, I keep pleading to my parents to let me move to the living room or even the garage at this point. But no matter what I say, they always respond that siblings are meant to stick together, both in life and in death.
661	R	Where's my wife?' I screamed, after they told me I was the only survivor of the crash. 'Just look down,' answered the doctor, 'we had to graft your head onto something...'
667	R	I actually caught my old childhood toys moving around like in Toy Story. I haven’t touched my blow-up doll since.
56	PG	It wasn't the spider right infront of me that scared me when I woke up. It was the thing eating it.
701	PG	My third wish from the Genie was the ability to read minds. My blood ran cold when the first thing I heard was a series of 0’s and 1’s
381	PG-13	The corpse lay on the operating table, as the surgeon started to dissect her. In place of organs was a smaller woman, nestled inside like a matryoshka doll, who started to open her eyes.
351	R	It's only been four days since the accident that paralyzed me from the waist down. The other survivors are already talking about removing and cooking my legs.
632	PG-13	After he died, we knew our grandfather's spirit was still protecting us when we'd smell his cologne or hear him gently knock on our walls. Last week at 3 am, we heard three short knocks, three long ones and three more short, followed by sobbing and nothing since.
63	PG-13	“You left me to die alone but they saved me.” NASA scientists were shocked to receive this message since the last message the Mars Rover transmitted 2 years ago was, “My battery is low and it’s getting dark.”
216	PG-13	While trying to make sense of the chaos that had become my life, I heard my father's voice say, 'Whenever you feel lost and you need to regroup, you can always come home.' As I watched blood pour from the gaping hole left in my chest, I realized that I should have let him know that I was coming.
535	PG-13	I opened my eyes, glad that I finally woke from my coma. It was only when I got up and saw my body laying lifeless that I realized that I wasn't awake.
183	PG-13	An old gypsy cursed me saying that all food would turn to ash in my mouth. As payback I bit a chunk out of her arm and watched the horrified look on her face as she disintegrated into a million dusty pieces.
488	PG-13	My dog has been acting strange ever since he came back home after running away. I didn’t understand why until I realized his eyes were human.
654	PG-13	My art professor scolded my friend because his work lack soul in it. A week later, a porcelain jar was found on his table in the lecture hall and when he opened it an agony-filled screech echoed through the hall.
743	PG-13	My son shook me awake on the couch yelling “look mommy Santa’s here!” I grew cold at the sight of two rotten, jangly legs inching down from my chimney in the dark.
361	PG-13	I stand in the field, watching him walk past the window. If only my mouth wasn’t stuffed with straw I could warn them that thing isn’t me, walking around in my home and wearing my skin.
877	PG-13	After many years my prayers for everyone on Earth to turn vegan were answered. After five days most had completed their bovine transition but still 11 days later I can occasionally hear the screams of someone as they go through the final stages of their mutation.
140	PG	When I arrived at my new job this morning, I put my things away and readied a pen and paper to check the answering machine. A familiar voice made my breath catch with two words: 'Found you.'
709	R	A middle aged womans body arrives on the table at our morgue, a gaping wide hole in the dead centre of her chest stares at me. Reaching inside to check for the vital organs, I feel something shake my hand.
452	PG-13	After the horrifying discovery, the FBI shut the museum down immediately and arrested the curator for his depravity. It took a janitor accidentally smashing one of the statues to reveal they were only so lifelike because they were real corpses covered in cement and paint.
76	PG-13	After hearing a loud crash downstairs, I saw the man who has been stalking me for months, smiling crudely. His expression changed as I ran and screamed, “Yes. YES! Finally, you took the bait!”.
146	PG	After my brother died my mom said he would always be watching over me I knew she was telling the truth when I looked out my window that night
420	PG-13	The Bible says that Jesus Christ is our shepard, and that all of us are his flock. Considering what livestock are usually raised for, I don't know why everyone's so surprised that the 'pearly gates' turned out to look more like the entrance to a slaughterhouse...
700	PG-13	Monsters are scared of the light' I said, handing the flashlight to the child as I tucked them in goodnight. Knowing that those things outside could see the diversion through the window, I made haste towards the garage to start the car.
707	PG	Everyone stood in awe as they saw the number 10 projected in the sky 9
125	PG-13	His Queen died sitting on his face as he lay tied to the bed. [deleted]
16	PG	There are beings so horrible, so terrifying that our brains block them out. Haven’t you ever wondered why you get a random feeling of being watched, but nothing is around? Edit: Anyone wanting to use this post in other content may do so. I only ask that you credit it and please stop dming me
884	PG-13	I desperately tried to find the wedding ring, knowing that my husband would get very angry if I didn't. I had promised that I would never leave evidence in a crime scene again.
475	NC-17	My teachers never have to worry about me having bad grammar, and I am the best in my class at punctuation. After seeing my dad senselessly beat my sister for missing a period, I promised myself that I'd never make that mistake.
631	PG	In the dying hope of the robot species, they sent out a capsule. One single cell organism that will hit Earth, and one day evolve into an intelligent species that will create them once again.
413	R	Remember, the special ingredient is lots of love!' I smiled as I smashed his bloody heart I had torn out of his now opened chest into the cake mix, something that always held a lot of love.
98	R	Momma always said I was destined for greatness. That sentence repeated in my mind as I flew the attack helicopter into the day care.
974	NC-17	My (36F) daughter (10F) is rather chubby, so I’m trying to get her to lose weight. Wiring her mouth shut and feeding her through a straw has made her lose a lot of weight, but the wires are tough and her lips have fused together so I’m starting to think I might be the asshole here?
395	PG-13	The world was already reeling from the massive earthquake, and so when they saw spiderweb cracks begin to shoot across the sky itself, all they could do was pray for some benevolent god to have mercy upon them. 'Susie, I told you not to touch my stuff!' Katrina screeched, sweeping the broken remains of the snow globe into a dustpan.
498	PG-13	When I saw it, my heart stopped. Unfortunately, my heart ceasing to beat didn’t kill me fast enough to spare me from it.
128	PG-13	“Lo! A wonder that ye be safe!” saith I awasht in relief as I kist min husband, returned after hunting a waerh. I stepped in but he remaynyd by the dore of our own hous and hom, asken me “Min wife, may I entre in?”
143	R	I was on the bus, and I just thought it would be a little fart. I learned just how wrong I was as everyone else screamed when the tentacles ripped through the seat of my pants.
152	PG-13	Times up, everyone! time to show me your super cool monster drawings!' i announced to the daycare. As I collected the papers, I noticed that one of the drawings looked oddly similar to a man I saw at the parent teacher conference.
870	PG-13	I opened my mouth to warn my twin about the man behind her Then I remembered that my laptop was off
210	PG-13	They say once you become a murderer, you can tell who else has murdered. “He’s innocent,” I announce with the bang of my Gavel dismissing the court.
614	PG-13	To my complete dismay and disbelief, my son announced that he idolized the serial strangler who recently struck our small town. I marched him straight down to the basement where I showed him that I did *way* better work in the 80s.
308	R	I sobbed as I approached the lifeless body of my father in the dark. But, we’ve been stuck down here for weeks, and I know that if I don’t do it, I’ll starve.
455	PG-13	“Was the snake bite poisonous?” “No,” I said, not having the heart to correct my patient’s grammar.
62	R	My heart was filled with rage and indignation as I buried my newborn daughter In the field of a dozen more small graves, I wondered how hard was it really for one of them to be a born a boy
109	PG-13	Laying face down on the operating table, I heard my surgeon gasp as I felt the dulled sensation of her scalpel being dragged across the suspicious lump on the back of my neck. As my vision cleared I wondered how it was I could see her standing over me with her shocked expression as I was sure I was still laying face down.
528	PG	“Okay Larry, for this underwater scene, Julia will be pretending to drown, but will hold up three fingers when she needs air.” “Okay Julia, if you need air during your underwater scene, just wave your hands, and Larry will hand you the scuba mask.”
319	R	Mommy, mommy, a vampire tried to ambush us on the playground today, but we tied it up and let it scream for hours in the sunlight!' Mrs. Baker listened in shock, while she clutched the school letter on the needs of the new student with albinism.
496	PG-13	As my third wish I asked to never be hungry again. It's been two months and meals feel like torture, but I have to eat to keep myself alive
826	PG-13	The engine died as my ship slowed, drifting aimlessly Through tears, I thanked Mission Control for packing a cyanide pill
167	R	As I lay in the motel bathtub surrounded in ice, blood, and medical gauze I can't help but smile. She may have tricked me but she was the first person to ever show any interest in me.
378	PG	I put salt around my house to protect it from evil spirits. For some reason, none of my friends want to come over anymore.
423	R	I ripped off her blouse, ecstatic that me and her were finally going to have sex. I immediately filled with fear, because instead of two perky little nipples, two eyeballs met my own in a dead stare.
908	PG-13	I have schizophrenia, I cope with it by killing the monsters my mind creates. When the paranormal investigators arrived, I realised I didn't actually have schizophrenia.
196	PG-13	The hardest thing I’ve ever done is attend my best friends funeral after he was killed in combat. His PTSD was getting worse and his screaming was giving away our position, so I did what I had to.
925	PG-13	I finally relented, allowing my husband to take our son to his high stakes poker game. When my husband came home alone, I realized I should have had him define 'high stakes' before they left.
949	PG-13	As I woke up from my surgery, I could hear someone yelling. “You idiot! How did you manage to amputate the wrong arm?!”
655	R	“Can you handle all seven inches?” My boyfriend whispered. As he sunk the knife further into my chest, I realised what he meant.
871	PG-13	I'm really sorry I have to go, my Dad's over there waiting' I answered. To this day I wonder, would I have still been able to arrive home if he knew that was a lie.
782	R	The spirit of my older brother came to me and told me his death wasn't an accident, pleading for me to avenge him. As daddy slips on the blocks I left on the top of the stairs, my brother smiles and pushes a ball to me in my crib before fading away.
540	R	At gunpoint, digging my own grave, I realize I’m going to die regardless; they’re already taking my life, why the hell should I give them my labor too? They say I don’t need legs to dig.
653	R	I peeled the sunburnt skin and moaned in ecstasy. Hoping that the pleasure can make me forget the basal cell carcinoma that had developed on my clitoris.
52	R	My husband peeled the skin off my stomach until only a thin layer remained He had told me that he wanted to be heavily involved in my pregnancy, but I didn't realise he wanted to actually watch it happening
322	PG	“Three more to go!” said my toddler after singing me happy birthday I thought nothing of it, until she said “two more to go!” the year after.
131	NC-17	Promising the shape of a dog for the eager birthday party, Dimples the clown twisted and bent furiously through the loud squeaks and occasional pops Clutching the unrecognizable mangled remains of what once was a 5-year-old boy, Dimples chased after the screaming children, never wanting to leave a child without a smile.
955	PG-13	The patient was dead for five minutes before I revived him. He sat up with red eyes, examined his hands and in a low growl said: 'This body will do.'
269	R	Her captor swiftly stabbed two serrated blades into her feet. They then told her she was free to leave.
734	PG-13	Ever since I went to my friend’s BBQ, I’ve been having body tremors. The doctor said I had a rare disorder called Kuru as I let out a burst of laughter.
279	PG	My sister entered the basement and I ran over to shut the door and lock her in. While I was laughing at the prank I pulled, my sister came up from behind to ask what I was doing.
613	R	I finally let go of the hurt that no one has checked in on me in weeks. But judging by the amount of flies in my mouth, I’m surprised my neighbors haven’t noticed the smell.
477	PG	I saw a large spider crawl out from my ceiling lamp. I took off the glass dome to clean out the spider web, and hundreds of her babies fell on my face.
197	PG	As I scoped my rifle in on the set of antlers I had been watching, I got ready to pull the trigger. When I realized what I was looking at, I understood why the government had erased this area off the map.
179	PG-13	stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk, chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump, stalk chase, stab, slash, stab, wash, collect, dump... As he was tying up the garbage bag on his victim of the week, Peter wondered at what point the act of killing became so god-damn monotonous.
327	G	It's not the fact that someone photobombed the picture I took of my dog in the park. It's the fact that it is a different person every time I show it to someone.
202	PG-13	My sleep paralysis demon turned its head sharply, staring at me with a horrifying expression. 'Wake up, he's coming.'
641	PG-13	“Please bring me back my daughter and arrest that kidnapper!” the woman sobbed, clinging on to her distraught husband. I turned away from the TV and whispered, “Mr. Kidnapper, please don't return me to my parents.”
402	PG-13	I was surprised when my daughter vehemently refused to leave her tooth for the tooth fairy. This memory flooded my mind when the detectives found the tooth fairy costume in my depraved neighbor’s closet.
961	PG-13	Hey Tom, pass that over here,' said the large balding guy. 'I hate it when they call me that,' she thought.
292	PG	After I was bitten by that bat the first thing I did was seek medical attention. As I tried to find someone I walked by a store window and noticed that my reflection was missing.
758	PG	My painting of a sorrowful stone angel went viral on the Internet. Commentors raved about how it looked so real that it could almost walk out of the screen.
649	PG-13	My wife put a gun to her head and asked me if it was true that I had slept with my secretary I actually didn’t, but I lied and said yes because this would be much cheaper than the hit man I planned to hire Edit: holy shit this blew up. Thanks for the awards and upvotes :)
453	R	I tried to untie her from the chair, blind and shaking. The rope was so strange, for it felt like warm wet meat and i couldn't find the end of it yet.
80	PG-13	I swear, I was just innocently walking home; I was kicking stones, and one just got away from me!' The Father and The Holy Spirit were still angry despite my apology, claiming that the stone was rolling toward their pet-project in the Milky Way galaxy...
456	NC-17	I asked Santa for Daddy to stop hitting me and Mommy I hid in my closet while a large antlered monster ripped my daddy apart
194	PG	We may be identical twins, but I’ve always suspected my parents like my sister better. After the accident damaged her heart, they told her right away that she had a matching donor ready.
886	PG-13	Mistress tied me down on the bed and told me not to move while she went to make herself some dinner. I waited excitedly until I heard the smoke alarm go off and the front door open then close.
659	PG-13	I picked up the phone to order us a pizza, telling him I would pay for it to make up for angering him. Unfortunately, my husband spends as much time on social media as I do.
536	PG-13	Shit, I can't be late to work again' I thought as I slammed the car into reverse. Almost immediately after hitting the gas I heard the yip.
64	PG-13	I whispered to myself that I should find an isolated place, a van & a proper knife set for my killings. The next moment I logged into social media, there were ads about old houses, used vans & knife sets for sale popping up in my news feed.
44	PG-13	Whatever you hit, you get to take home!' the carni told me, handing me a dart. I didn't mean to hit that woman in her head, but between the crowd's cheering and their insistent motioning towards her body, I just awkwardly grabbed her by the leg and began to drag her back to my car.
305	PG-13	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. Until Vlad made him sit on a twelve foot stick.
854	PG-13	I finnaly finished my biography, so I happily added 'the end'. Then, everything started getting dark..
841	PG-13	As I laid there gasping from exhaustion, I smiled as I heard my newborn's first cry. But as the doctor announced the arrival of my daughter to the King Henry, I knew my life is about to end.
360	PG-13	Andrea wasn't lying when she said this treasure was heavy,' I told Louis as we pulled Andrea up from the deep chasm. But when the end of the rope came in view all we saw was a giant head, its mouth clinging to the rope like a fish taking bait.
85	PG-13	You BITCH!' the man yelled when I accidentally bumped into him. [deleted]
930	R	I had my cat for five years, and he was never really cuddly, until tonight, when he jumped on my lap on his own for the first time ever, and fell asleep. It was a lovely moment, until his belly bursted open and hundreds of worms poured on my legs, trying to get under my skin.
283	R	Bleeding to death in my foxhole, I gripped the monkey paw and wished for an end to this damn war. When my ears finally stopped ringing in the new silence, our unit’s radio operator told us that hundreds of thousands of nukes had suddenly been fired from every corner of the globe.
811	PG-13	It almost feels like Christmas except I've got no eggnog. Thankfully, I can just milk some more from my creature.
922	NC-17	[AUG21] The tooth fairy traced the scent to the boy’s stomach and realized the idiot child had swallowed a tooth in his sleep. She shrugged— she hated to dirty her claws by digging, but the boy simply had to be punished.
153	PG	Being a gentleman I firmly believe in paying for the first date. [deleted]
160	PG-13	I developed a nervous tic, where I blink twice in rapid succession, stretch my fingers, and jerk my head forward by an inch or two, whenever I'm under a lot of stress. After the train crash, I was lying on the floor, mostly unharmed, with a piece of metal pointed towards my right eye.
966	PG-13	I had finally beaten the final boss on the game, which was something that no one had ever done before! It told me 'Thank you for freeing my spirit, but now you will take my place until someone beats you as well!'
386	PG	This past week my face has broken out pretty bad, and the acne only seems to be getting worse. Did that one just wiggle..?
82	PG-13	“Peekaboo” I say and my toddler covers his eyes. Even if I can't do anything to protect him, I will at least spare him the horror of seeing whats coming for us.
189	PG-13	As an adopted kid, I always dreamed of meeting my biological parents. However, I never expected to find them rotting in our basement.
677	R	While having sex with my girlfriend, I stuck it in the wrong hole I didn't mean to go for her mouth, but for the slash wound I had made in her throat.
644	R	As I was shown the statistics of my life after death, I stared in horror at the 27 'assist kills.' The horror was far more striking for me, seeing as I was a suicide hotline worker.
746	PG-13	BBBBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.' The industrial fridge's overwhelming buzzing drowned out the trapped young girl's fading screams, while only a few steps away her parents left to join the search party on the 3rd night since reporting her missing.
771	PG-13	My friend read somewhere that human flesh tastes like chicken. I'll find out tonight when I have my first chicken.
787	R	“Son, your dad was one mean drunk but he sure had a green thumb,” said the neighbour as he watched me water the roses from the fence. “He still does, mate”, I muttered softly as I ground that bastard’s fingers back into the softened earth under my feet.
438	R	People from school found out I was adopted and constantly made fun of me for not looking like any of my family members. The jokes stopped the day I showed up to class wearing my mother’s face.
141	PG-13	For thousands of years the rainbow has stood as a reminder of My promise to never drown the earth with flood waters again. But every time I see one all I can think about was how good it felt to wash the filth away— and I’m starting to think maybe promises aren’t forever.
335	PG-13	The news reported an entire town of people had vanished yesterday, leaving all their possessions and cars behind. Three days from now, their boneless corpses will be found hanging in a forest 3000 miles south of the town.
373	PG-13	There is a legend that says if you can see the whites under your irises, you are doomed to a painful and tragic end. I try the eyeballs of my latest victim in my eye sockets, hoping that this is the one that will finally set me free from my fate.
313	PG-13	Broke and homeless, I'm forced to break into drug stores to steal my daughter's drugs. With alarms blaring and officer's guns pointed at my face, I inject her with stolen insulin and wonder how she'll survive without me.
287	R	She grabbed her boyfriend's hand as she quickly left the chaos of that family dinner. After all the trouble she went through just to get him there, a hand was all those insatiable, selfish bastards left for her.
777	PG-13	For forty years, my twin and I did everything the same way. Now that I’m on death’s door, there’s only one more thing to do—and the powder is already in her tea.
212	PG-13	With my dinner resting on my lap, I scroll through the dark web in fascination and decide to enter a busy chatroom labelled “WBCM N:3565.” Blood drains from my face as I see myself mid-mouthful, as strangers in the chat discuss how I ate the same thing last month and ponder when they’ll get to watch me sleep.
738	PG-13	The name ‘grandma’ made me feel so old the first time I heard it. My daughter cries all the time now, but I’m happy to just be ‘mom’ again.
728	PG-13	On the set of a horror film production, I was really impressed by the makeup done on the actress who was playing the role of a Demon. I was horrified when the makeup artist later told me that the Demon is actually a full CGI character.
596	R	My wife shrieked in horror as I swerved and narrowly missed a child crossing the street. Then she shrieked with delight when I threw it in reverse, and we heard that satisfying crunch as he went under the car.
408	PG-13	I stumbled out of bed, the buzzing in my head was becoming louder as my nose dripped with snot and my ears stung. After a minute of utter confusion it all became clear when the sweet taste of honey dribbled into my mouth.
254	PG-13	I saw the creatures approaching my friend's tent and I opened my mouth to shout warning. Then I closed it thinking I can always make new friends, but when would I get the chance to be on the news again.
776	PG-13	I again awoke to dozens of children's footprints in the snow around my cabin, and I followed them across the field to the nearest house for miles. While my elderly neighbor chuckled that they hadn't had children in decades, I could hear his wife complaining that her dolls' feet were wet again.
123	R	Looking down at your new boots, you can't help but shake your head and laugh as you remember that weirdo pawn shop owner's words, 'Wear these and you'll never have to worry about money again.' 'Authorities have ruled the tragic death of 23-year-old Abigail Wright a suicide, as a distinct lack of skid marks near the crash site indicate there was no attempt to step on the brakes.'
116	PG	All of us in the caravan were freezing in the desert nighttime, but this ancient abandoned library saved our lives by providing us with shelter. But we need to move on and find fresh campfire fuel, now that we've used up all these old manuscripts.
375	R	“OK, this is a game where we’ve got 90 seconds to change your clothes, clip your hair and rub this dye into it” “On your way out of the mall smile at the security guard and don’t say a word”
572	PG-13	[NOV21] Somewhere deep in the primitive parts of our brains, we remember how to hibernate: find a snug den, curl up, and go to sleep. Unfortunately, we've forgotten how to do the rest, and that's why so many bodies of hypothermia victims are found wedged in tight spaces.
900	PG	My name is Julia, and I'm extremely grateful that I get to live as a normal girl. You see, my parents are developmental psychologists, and they'd named my twin sister Control.
451	PG-13	I always thought nobody would ever be dumb enough to keep a zombie 'alive'. But I'm just not ready to say goodbye yet.
333	PG	I hate how suger makes all my teeth hurt. Even the ones not in my mouth.
845	R	I looked over at my daughter and couldn't believe how chubby she had gotten, so decided that she needed to go on a diet I could hear her crying in her crib as she wanted her milk, but knew that I would just be enabling her if I gave her food
589	NC-17	“Don’t worry Daddy, now you can be as rough with me as you want.” I stared in horror as my son’s body picked itself off the floor and snapped its neck back into place.
271	R	Suicide rates skyrocketed after scientists proved the existence of the afterlife As my consciousness drifted towards the light, I started hearing voices, screaming in agony
91	PG	I woke up to my alarm getting ready to start the day only to realize that it is still in the middle of the night. There is someone standing beside me mimicking the alarm ringtone.
4	NC-17	I was horrified when the spray of blood, flesh and teeth hit the ceiling. It seems that I leaned my head too far back.
441	R	I saw one of those cute repost this and a pedophile dies posts and decided to repost. I then watched in horror as my husband starts burning and screaming for mercy.
120	R	“Finally,” I cried when a bar of service appeared on my cell phone. My fingers shaking, I dialed my husband’s number while the plane I was on plummeted towards the earth.
46	NC-17	When my brother and I were kids and we would fight, our parents would always shout that we were going to kill each other. With the forming mushroom cloud in the distance, and revolvers pressed to each other's temples, we exchanged sad, morbid smiles at the fact that they were right, just before we counted to three.
716	PG-13	I'm aware that you have spent the last 5 years with debilitating pain that has left you unable to work or function properly. It turns out that you were misdiagnosed, so if you start taking this medication your hormonal imbalance should be fixed and you should be able to get back to normal life within a month!
946	PG-13	[AUG21] As punishment for making fun of a homeless man the other day, my mom is making me sleep in the cold garage for a night. But jokes on her, I snagged her keys and I'm already getting sleepy in the nice warm car.
672	PG-13	I asked the genie for a book of future celebrity deaths Every date it the same “October 15 2021”
675	PG-13	My daughter did not win the beauty pageant and was devastated. She wouldn’t stop crying while I traded her for a much better little girl at the orphanage, one who was a sure bet to win next year.
650	PG	Three hundred years ago, my ancestors set sail for the Bermuda Triangle. Last night, they arrived on my doorstep.
142	G	Sometimes when I sleepwalk I wake up in the kitchen and I’m holding a head of lettuce. [deleted]
820	PG-13	Professor Lupin was confused when the boggart turned into his students father. He had to step in when it took off its pants.
794	PG-13	I roll my eyes as another unskippable ad plays on the small screen in my father’s hospital room. “Please Resume Eye Contact With The Advertisement Immediately To Continue Using The Complimentary Life Support Service.”
430	PG-13	The priest prayed and prayed, begging the demon to leave the innocent childs body. But as the body violently smashed around the room, a distorted voice bellowed loudly, 'He won't let me out.'
902	R	My 6 month old son just won’t stop screaming. I thought breaking his neck would stop it but he just keeps going.
684	R	The family enjoys their milk at the table. Little do they know, it was harvested from my creature.
71	PG-13	“There! I drew a perfect heart!” She exclaimed to him. As she wiped the blood off her blade she sighed, “Too bad you died before you could see it.”
937	R	The drag queen put on her hair, face, and boobs before the show. The crowd gasped when she walked onto the stage, dressed in a sequined gown and the rotting flesh of her victim.
814	PG-13	I hate it when the neighborhood kids mess up my floral garden. The roses help dilute the smell of the rotten corpse beneath.
819	PG-13	They say Jack the Ripper was a notorious serial killer in London. I'm flattered, but my name isn't Jack.
792	R	I was out in the park again feeding the birds. They really enjoy how he tastes.
958	PG-13	Aboard the ISS, we watch as time speeds up on Earth, so that a year passes with every 90 minute orbit. As years pass new structures are built, new technologies are launched, and on the night side of the 25th orbit, every light goes out, every city goes dark, and the sun rises to reveal a fate worse than death for every living thing below.
293	R	I pushed the hose inside and started sucking, and was relieved when the yellowish liquid began flowing out I watched the lumps of what looked like mucus pouring out of my girlfriend's unconscious body, and hoped my makeshift liposuction machine would make her desirable again
214	R	I laughed when my sex doll looked so realistic that a mosquito actually bit into it. Then the bite mark on it started to swell red.
331	PG	I used to think the scariest thing ever would be for a demon to possess your hand. It turns out it's far worse to only remain in control of one of them.
889	PG-13	Do not fear earthlings, we have been studying human nature and human history to better assimilate with your kind. We will simply treat you the same way you have historically treated natives that you perceived as technologically inferior when entering new lands
603	PG-13	I just adopted the wonderful baby boy that I've wanted to raise as my own since the very moment I met him. And all I had to do was orphan him.
901	PG-13	My wife's murderer was never convicted despite an overwhelming amount of evidence left at the scene of the crime. Maybe now our marriage counsellor will finally believe me when I tell her I don't get credit for anything no matter what I do.
836	R	Our patient wouldn't stop screaming as we began surgery 'I can't bear this anymore, we should start using anesthetics' said my assistant.
88	R	For years, I thought it was so much fun to try and talk people into killing themselves on internet chat rooms. Then one day I heard a single gunshot from my little brother’s room right after I hit “send” and all of a sudden I didn’t think it was fun at all anymore.
652	PG-13	Today a boy came up to me at the daycare I work at and asked me about something he’d found in the attic. He’s the third witness I’ve had to kill today.
429	PG-13	The witch told me if I didn't pass on the cursed object she's gonna hurt everyone I love. She later found out that there was no one to hurt.
203	PG-13	“Ho Ho Ho! I think you’re on my naughty list” the mall Santa laughed, his voice echoing through the indoor ice rink He struggled to not trip over the bodies he had shot down, blood and brass coating the ice, as he took aim at the last fleeing teenager he could spot
842	PG-13	She was already asleep when he got home so he tucked her in, gulped down her unfinished night cap and switched off the bedside light. As he got into his side of the bed, a note fell from the bed, he began to read “I promise it was painless….”
543	PG-13	The gaunt father tickled his daughter and cried 'I'm going to eat you! Nom nom nom' As yet another rocket shook the earth and the adjacent building roared into a heap, he playfully declared 'Stomp, stomp, stomp, better keep hiding!'
468	PG-13	When no modern medicine can cure me of my illness my friend suggested a more traditional method like bloodletting. As I lay here strapped on the stone table while some other people are drawing a pentagram around me using my blood, I realised that he was talking about different type of bloodletting.
436	R	I continued to scream as the doctors sawed into my exposed abdomen. “I’m sorry ma’m but having children with negroes is against the will of god.”
940	PG-13	Something with my face is stalking me, please send help', was the text I just received from my brother, dated five days earlier. I thought about how he had just said at dinner an hour earlier that his camping trip had been totally uneventful.
278	PG-13	There are over 200 known bodies on mount Everest which death causes vary from frostbite to falling, but... why is this one crucified?
625	PG	I REALLY regret signing up to an Ancestry Discovery page. On the bright side, at least I now know where these small scars on the little finger side of my hands came from!
282	PG-13	As the whales breached the surface near my kayak, I got my waterproof camera prepared to hold beneath the surface for a stunning shot to show my family. Now I float here - too scared to move from this spot- as I rewatch the footage of the hand reaching from the depths and pulling one of the larger bulls down into darkness.
662	PG-13	Mommy came running into the room when her little daughter yelled that the monster was back. They both hid under the bed just before he unlocked the front door.
898	PG-13	Someone kept breaking into my apartment and scribbling occult symbols on the walls. I decided to fight weird with weird by summoning a demon, but it screamed and fled back to hell at the sight of my cat.
732	NC-17	“A tight hold, quick twist, and strong pull are all you need to detach the head efficiently”. The bound man begged for mercy as his ex-wife started to unzip his pants.
844	PG-13	Honey! It's lagging again!' I shouted while turning the power on and off. But no matter how many times I flick the light switch, my reflection is always one second slower.
33	R	I always love when mommy takes me for car rides, but I always fall asleep by the end of it. This time it was weird though because I was feeling sleepy just from hearing the car running and mommy didn't even want to open the garage to go anywhere.
399	PG-13	I finally managed to catch my breath as my husband walked away to answer the door. My heart dropped to my stomach when I heard him laughing with two of his coworkers, as they apologized and said the dispatch must have given them the wrong address to their latest domestic disturbance call.
130	R	To my surprise, I awoke- not in my hospital bed, but in a hot and stuffy steel box. As the flames began to lick my paralyzed flesh, I realized my lethal injection wasn't as lethal as it ought to have been.
127	R	Yesterday I chatted with a girl on Tinder, but she looked like a complete fake, so I declined to meet with her in person. Today cops caught her abductor and discovered dozens of taxidermied women in his condo.
342	R	The hunter sat in his tree stand, looking through the scope of his rifle at a two point buck As it continued to devour his hunting dog, unbothered by the bullet sized hole through its skull.
442	R	I'm so sorry about this m'am' the officer said regretfully as he walked me into the room to identify my estranged husband's body.  Frozen in my steps, the sight of my husband's cruel smirk swam before my eyes as the officer's voice continued 'but the reward for getting you out of hiding was too good to pass up'.
821	R	You guys wanna see a dead body?' he asked innocently to his group of friends. As all his friends followed him to the alley intrigued, he grabbed the gun from behind the dumpster, aimed it to his head with a smile, and pulled the trigger.
765	R	I listened in horror as she told stories of how she was repeatedly beaten and raped My girlfriend had threatened to make me regret splitting up with her, but I never realised how far she would go as I sat silently in the court room
81	PG-13	One of the perks of being a doll-maker means I get to enjoy the joy on children's faces when they receive one of my creations. The other is that I have the skills to forever immortalise that emotion.
788	PG-13	Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a being was stirring, as I started to douse... ...the apartment in petrol, and whispered 'amen', their bodies before me, we're together again.
954	PG-13	Did you finish outlining all the bodies? Sir, we.....ran out of chalk.
154	PG-13	As I groggily began to regain consciousness, I realized that I had been “shocked back to life” by the doctor looking down at me with the defibrillator paddles in his hands. Then I felt the straps holding me down on the gurney as my interrogator smiled and asked, “shall we do that again?”
507	PG-13	I cradled my children close to me as the poison did its work. As they both took their last shallow breaths, a breaking news report announced that the impossible had been achieved and the asteroid had been successfully knocked off course.
490	PG-13	“Surprise!” He beamed, bringing in the cake piped with vanilla frosting and sprinkles to my bedside. “Please” I wept, my legs now swollen around the chains from the weeks of forced feeding “Let me go home!”
943	PG	The kids decided to play doctor. Nobody realized they could reach the medicine cabinet.
383	PG-13	As Mittens, the cat who lives in the nursing home where I work, led me to the patient’s room, I reflected on how people say that they have a ‘sixth sense’ for when someone’s going to die. But when I entered the room and saw the state of the deceased patient’s body, it occurred to me that cats will also lead you to their latest kills.
431	PG-13	I cracked my back just right this time The little feeling I have left in my legs is fading by the minute.
607	PG-13	[JAN22] I always hated that my grandpa had those weird, plastic trolls all over his yard. When he died and the new owners dug up the backyard, I realized what each one was representing.
465	PG-13	“Go ahead, honey- go make some friends,” I said, as I nudged my daughter out the door. She innocently wandered out into the backyard, as I watched them begin to emerge from the woods.
345	PG-13	I became an astronaut and left earth to escape my abusive husband after he said he'll find me anywhere. I was alone on a spaceship, when the app on my phone notified me, that he's 100 meters away from me
852	R	While in this killer's sick game, I failed to find the key in under minute and was forced to hear my son's screams while he was burned alive inside his cage. The killer then reappeared in the TV saying, 'And you didn't think to search your pockets'.
764	R	In my small cabin in the woods, I finally got a bear skin rug that I tracked, killed, skinned, and tanned myself. Like I always say, Gay Bars are the best hunting ground.
463	PG-13	When I was ten, my mother pulled me out of school and devoted herself to teaching me survivalist, mechanical, and medical skills. By the time the war destroyed most of civilisation, she was already long dead, so I never found out how she knew.
503	G	We all heard the egg crack open. But by then it was too late to run
162	R	The siren blasted, letting everyone know that it was time to take their yearly pill. I know overpopulation is a big issue, but I still really hoped I wasn't in the 10% of people that got the cyanide tablet, and not the sugar pill.
542	R	I've met a person who identified as a MAP, at first I had no idea what the acronym meant. When I finally figured out what it means, I've made sure by making the person into a literal map - flaying him alive and tattooing the globe onto his still fresh skin.
17	PG-13	I put my sunglasses on, thinking it's quite bright It wasn't until my skin seared off that it hit me!
550	PG	My daughter likes to grab my ankles and scare me when I'm getting into bed. I just can't figure out how she's doing it right now, as I hold her in my arms.
999	PG	My landlord told me the building had a huge rat problem With the six foot figure standing at the end of my bed, I realize he didn’t mean in quantity
775	R	Life couldn’t get any worse, so I pulled the trigger of the gun against my head. When I woke up in the hospital and heard the doctors, I realize life could get much worse.
504	PG	Normally hoofprints in the snow in December is a jolly, fun sight. They are less festive the morning of December 6th, while your parents frantically search the house for your little brother.
882	PG-13	The Fat kid in school went missing last week. Until today when the Lunchlady was arrested for 'inappropriate disposal of a body'.
458	R	That was the police telling me my brother, Tyler, was found dead in his apartment this morning,' I told my boyfriend, my breath shaking with shock and grief. My boyfriend threw his arms around me in loving embrace and angrily said, 'what kind of sick psycho would shoot a decent guy like Tyler?'
945	PG-13	The psychic said that I would drown at the age of 17, so I avoided bodies of water for that year. I thought I was in the clear until, just a few hours before the day of my birthday, I heard the tsunami warning.
626	PG-13	In sorry, but there's nothing we can do,' the doctor said to me while he turned off the machine. As my lungs began to fail, and vision go dark, the doctor left and added, 'There's just been a shortage of organ donors.'
309	R	It is God's will,' was my father's only response to my sudden pregnancy. All I know is that the strange creature who copulated with me that night is not a God I want to worship.
848	R	I stared at the empty pot of coffee and tried not to acknowledge the faceless woman crouched on the counter. We both knew that sooner than later, I would need to sleep.
428	PG-13	My mom called me in sheer horror as she realized I forgot to bring my medicine on my overnight trip to connect with others who are also paralyzed. I’ve never been without my medication before so I thought I would be in pain, why am I able to wiggle my toes?
264	PG-13	During the interrogation I asked him why he murdered his family, but all he said was the voices had been telling him so. It was when I replayed our conversation, at the point where no one was talking, that I could hear them too.
364	R	I'm sorry Williams,' Santa said with a shake of the head, 'but your toys just aren't meeting production standards, so I'm transferring you to the coal department.' The elf begged for mercy through his gag as the door of the kiln slammed shut.
55	R	I recently started antidepressants and finally have my energy back. I was able to drive myself to the store and buy the rope.
157	PG	The genie told me I could have dinner with any five people from history, living or dead, so I chose Abraham Lincoln, John Dillinger, the Zodiac Killer, Marilyn Monroe, and my dear departed grandfather. “I said you could choose five people,” he said.
939	PG-13	The first indication that something was terribly wrong with our planet was the vast number of fish we found washed up on the shores. Numerous tests revealed that all the fish had died by drowning.
689	R	I thought that the morning my husband murdered me to be with his mistress was the worst day of my existence. Worse still was opening my eyes the next day to the sight of the two of them smiling down at me while the doctor cut the umbilical cord.
421	PG-13	When I was a kid, I remember watching a news article about the oldest man alive and thinking to myself how amazing having that title must feel. Today, 20 years later, I feel nothing but sadness as the man who currently possesses that title.
524	PG-13	People are generous they donated half a million dollars to my gravely ill son last year It only costs a thousand dollars a month to keep him sick.
755	PG-13	I pray our descendants never make the same mistake we did' sighed the astrophysicist, while launching the remaining human embryos towards the last habitable planet. 'If only we had stopped our greenhouse emissions earlier, we could have prevented the extinction on our home planet Venus.'
398	PG-13	The bomb was never supposed to be used but, in the end, there was no other option. Many million years in the future, scientists would refer to this event as the 'Big Bang', and they would soon discover it was the reason for their species existence.
547	PG	As we get older our ears get less sensitive, no longer able to pick up certain sounds. Why do you think only children hear monsters under the bed?
887	PG-13	15 years ago, documents revealing all the atrocities done by the people in power were released to the public. Since then, nothings changed.
723	R	Baa Baa Black Sheep, Have You Any Wool?' 'Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full,' I told my abductor as he recorded me, after making me shave all the body hair of my dead parents and sister.
487	PG-13	Deep in the forest, the night came alive with the music of the happy campers. Then the night started hunting them, one by one.
261	PG-13	If anyone comes near me, I'll blow my head off!' was what I heard from my friend before he pulled the trigger of his shotgun. What I never expected was that those weren't his last words.
620	PG-13	Sitting on the couch and staring expectantly at the blank tv screen, she asked, 'Is this movie going to be gory?' I was busy setting up the secret camera feed from the other room as I casually replied,'It should be....'
539	PG-13	I realize that I should have mentioned those magnets my little boy accidentally swallowed at the full physical checkup. Oh well, the Doctor already started up the MRI machine
514	R	After a deep breathe, the woman confirmed to the investigators that, yes, she recognized the the picure of the silly little flower her daughter had been scribbling since she could draw. For now, they decided to exclude the blood, nails and teeth stuck into the carved design inside of the coffin lid.
533	NC-17	[AUG21] I was disappointed after hearing my five year old daughter throwing up in the bathroom, and knew that I needed to increase her punishment I dragged her to the kitchen table and forced her to eat another dozen tapeworms, to hopefully guarantee she loses the rest of her baby fat before the pageant
158	PG-13	I broke the rule that says you shouldn't follow the voices in the forest I knew it was wrong at the time but standing in front of the charred remains of my house, I feel like I made the right choice.
559	R	I think I might have just solved racism. Only by looking at all these people I skinned alive, no one should be able to make a difference.
506	R	You're just like your mother' He said while holding the blood soaked skull of his daughter.
368	PG-13	I watched grief stricken as my grandfather was lowered into his grave A bird smashed into the coffin creating a hole - then my grandfathers hand emerged. Edit: putting an end to the speculation; yes, the coffin was made of paper mache and the bird hurtling through the atmosphere was indeed an ostrich.
948	PG-13	I was watching a CCTV recording of someone breaking into my house a couple days ago, while I was on vacation. Then I realized, there was not one recording of him leaving the house.
574	PG-13	The doctor assured me my surgery would go smoothly as I watched the anesthetic travel up the tube and into my arm. As my eyes became heavy, I noticed the anesthesia machine was set to to administer for 180kg instead of lbs.
936	R	Jeff, you idiot, I told you that's not how bleach works!' I scolded my son as he doused his eyes with it, desperate to unsee what I had done to his mother.
77	PG-13	[AUG21]I was confused when I found out my punishment in Hell was to be put in my son's bedroom. Then I heard my own voice as the door opened, glanced in the mirror, and saw my son's face.
715	PG-13	The first thing you get to do in heaven is watch a highlight reel of your choosing, so i went for 'all the times i nearly died'. I was confused by the days of footage, comprising every moment i was alone with my mother as a child.
648	PG	Today, city workers broke the concrete seal of the abandoned coal mine in honor of its 80th anniversary since closing. So you could understand their surprise to find several fresh hand prints lining the dusty cave walls inside.
813	PG-13	After fifty years of blissful marriage, I would have never thought my wife would abandon me broken and bedridden. As the days passed and my hunger grew unbearable, I crawled to the top of the stairs to see that she had, in fact, never left.
724	R	They say that everyone has a guardian angel. As I laid in my cell, chained up and unable to move, I came to the realization that my angel was guarding everyone from me.
250	PG-13	When my daughter was born, albeit premature, she was the most perfect thing I'd ever seen. I simply had to keep her like that, and taxidermy was the easiest way.
21	PG-13	For years, I’ve had recurring nightmares where I’m being held captive and this cold awful voice outlines the sadistic plans he has for me. When my blind date sat down across from me and said hello, I finally had a face to go with the voice.
745	R	I’ve thought about it, and realized I don’t want to end my life. Not before I kill everyone who ruined it first
251	PG	Nothing could prepare me for the grief I felt when I woke up on the operating table, sobbing. “Put me back,” I cried, realising my wife, my kids, the last decade of my life was a lie.
95	R	I was excited when my girlfriend texted me: 'You can do anything with my body later.' My excitement disappeared when I came home to her lifeless body hanging from the ceiling.
104	R	I felt my mummy give her last breath. Then I felt my daddy part her legs, and I saw his hairy forearm reaching to yank me out.
343	R	“WHY WOULD YOU CUT A BABY’S WRISTS?!” the doctors and the police in the hospital lobby screamed. The young mother, with dull eyes framed with dark circles, quietly responded, “when I can’t stop crying cutting my wrists is the only thing that helps, and I thought it would help him too.”
252	R	My boyfriend gets so angry sometimes, but it's not his fault; the restaurant has been putting a lot of strain on him. I hope he had a good day', I thought, my bruised ribs aching as I lifted the cast iron skillet into the hot, soapy water to soak.
913	PG-13	My abusive husband is so scared of me poisoning him that he makes me eat two bites from his plate every time we sit at the dinner table. If only he knew I'd been taking a drop of poison with every meal of mine for the past 3 years to build immunity, all for his last meal tonight-- that I'll be happy to share with him.
633	NC-17	As the poppers blew the color blue at the gender reveal party. The relief was my only hope he wouldn’t do to a little boy what he does to me.
192	PG-13	I was born with a rare condition that makes me unable to feel pain. People say it's bad, but it's hard for me to understand why people care so much about whether or not my victims scream a little.
671	R	It had fangs, scales and it's arms were crookedly disfigured like undeveloped wings. As my wife lay dying on the birthing bed she uttered, 'I swear it's yours'.
43	PG-13	The beautiful stones littering the landscape drew thousands of tourists to the island every year. As a result the brood was especially well nourished when they finally hatched.
980	PG-13	At 18, a soulmate string appears that points in the direction of your soulmate. There are no planes in the night sky and yet my string is vertical.
683	R	My mother claims she's being abused in the aged care home we put her in; from beatings to down right neglect. Good, she's going to know how her children felt all those years ago.
860	PG-13	To prevent my children from dying of starvation I cut a bit of myself to feed them. The poison I drank a while ago should be strong enough to kill them immediately.
988	PG-13	This is my last transmitted message: Something horrific is coming this way, prepare yourselves for the apocalypse.' The cosmonaut's message had reached Earth, but it was 50 years too late as the Earth had already gone to hell, ravaged by a cosmic horror.
93	R	My wife hates it when I work from home. What happened to our son is tragic, but no one in my field has performed as many autopsies as me.
459	NC-17	“I’m going to enjoy this.”, he chuckles maliciously as his hand goes up her skirt. “She hasn’t eaten in ages.”, she replies with a smile as he pulls out his hand with bloody stumps where his fingers used to be.
92	PG	You would think that the moon disappearing would be the scariest thing for humans to witness, right? No, the scariest thing is when we found out where it disappeared *to*.
934	PG-13	Killing me won't bring back your damn dog', said the bound man. 'You couldn't be more wrong', I said as I made the final preparations for the necromancy ritual.
736	NC-17	The mother screamed as I ripped the newborn out of her hands, before throwing it to the ground and caving in it's skull with my boot She lay there weeping as I explained to her that she should have carefully read the terms and conditions before agreeing to the new IPhone update
370	PG-13	I came home, happy to announce that I had gotten the job! 'Too bad my wife was my first target' I thought as I cocked the gun
253	R	I begged my husband to stop as he had me me hanging naked over an upside down lawnmower I screamed in pain as my son was born and then I was forced to watch as the blades ripped him apart
204	PG	[NOV21] 'The next time we wake up, we'll be on the edge of Saturn!' Robert excitedly said to his crew on the HMS Condor. But when Robert finally awoke, the crew's hibernation pods lay empty, with Saturn being passed countless centuries ago.
315	PG-13	This is the life' I thought, watching the sunrise from the cockpit of a 787. It wasn't until my copilot pointed out we were flying West that I became concerned.
611	NC-17	I have a pen, I have an apple...' his wife began saying gleefully She stabbed the now red-inked pen into the flesh of his Adam's apple whilst saying the remaining words, 'Apple pen'.
959	PG	AITA for finding my (37M) wife's (36F) lip fillers disgusting? [deleted]
188	R	She never understood what he meant, but the way her captor said, 'See you soon, mom,' before he hanged himself gave her the shivers. Years later, it struck her when her first child was born with a red mark around his neck.
266	PG-13	The bloody creature moaned and screamed, thrashing about within its restraints. I tossed the bundled newborn into the river, knowing the village would never approve of her.
365	PG	As I lay in bed late at night, with my daughter fast asleep beside me, I brushed her hair and whispered to her, “I love you.” The button eyed doll she clutched in her arms whispered back, “I love her more.”
873	PG-13	Through hard work and determination, I've been clean now for 3 weeks! After all, I missed the voices; they're the only ones who truly understand me, unlike the doctors.
637	G	I waited as the clock turned 11:59 to 12:00 AM. But then I saw the words on my computers calendar, 'December 32.'
221	PG-13	I don't see why everyone calls me a murderer. I take great pride in making sure my artwork stays alive.
257	PG-13	I want to lose a lot of weight!', I asked the genie. As I lay there, now a big pile of fat and skin, I'm thinking that I should've specified which type of weight.
115	PG-13	There is a beached dead whale 50m from my house. My house is 13km from the nearest beach.
467	NC-17	I was beyond pissed off with my husband as he started claiming to be suffering from sympathy pains during my pregnancy, as he always has to be the centre of attention It was only as I watched the baby crawl out of the tip of his penis, that I realised how far he was willing to take this
325	R	His muffled screams made my whole body tingle with sexual ecstasy. And this little piggy stayed at home,' I said, bringing the hammer crashing down on his second toe.
66	PG-13	Today is my seventh birthday, and uncle Charlie is taking me to the pet store to get a puppy. I never knew I had an uncle Charlie, and my parents must have needed to tell him something really important, because they were running and shouting as we drove away.
995	R	My father told me that my body changing was part of growing up, and that I should embrace it I could tell he was trying his best to reassure me, but I could see the fear on his face as he gazed down at the eyeball peering out from the tip of my penis
409	PG-13	I burned my smartphone, trashed my laptop, and removed any possible camera from my house But as I looked in the mirror with a screwdriver in my hand, I realized I somehow overlooked two tiny cameras that they’ve been using to watch me all of my life.
321	R	I was part of a three man team for a first contact mission with another planet but we suffered a catastrophic failure and crashed. Their medical technology is amazing, but unfortunately they didn't know what a human looked like and assumed we were one organism when they put us back together.
401	PG-13	[JAN22] I'm a deep sea fisherman, and I've trolled the deep sea for well over a decade. And until now, I had never pulled up a ten pound lead weight with a bite taken out of it.
990	PG-13	The year is 2054, all forms of currency and transactions are stored in a digital wallet that is scanned through facial recognition As I entered the dark alleyway, two men threatened me with guns and handed me a carving knife - 'this is a robbery'.
328	PG-13	I took a side job as Santa, posing for photos with children as they told me what they wanted for Christmas. My heart froze when a girl sat on my lap, stuck a pistol in my ribs and whispered angrily, 'Where's the fucking pony you promised me last year, fat man?'
905	PG-13	Fortunately, the nuclear bombs that dropped did not wipe out the human race Unfortunately, I can count all 12 survivors on a single hand
11	PG-13	It sure is hot in here. I hope mom comes and gets me out of the car soon.
28	PG-13	I was surprised when my husband started laughing when I finally worked up the courage to ask if he was cheating on me. He then shouted to his friends in the other room 'Hey guys this one has one of the worst cases of Stockholm I've ever seen, she thinks she's married to me.'
598	PG	I felt a bug crawling out of my ear. 'Silly thing, you need to stay inside to keep warm and healthy,' I chuckled as I put it back.
964	PG-13	After my miscarriage, I’ve been so grateful for my other daughter Even if she doesn’t know she’s mine yet
213	PG	My algorithm was able to predict the future price of any stock, except for a flaw that gave a price of NULL for dates after 01/01/2048 As I watched the news from my Park Avenue penthouse in December of 2047 and saw tensions between the world's nuclear powers reach a fever pitch, I realized that my algorithm was flawless after all.
931	PG-13	After months of relentless torture, I thought my suffering would finally end after my captor got bored and killed me. As my memories come back to me, I am filled with remorse and dread, knowing I still have 23 more of my victims’ lives to relive.
323	PG-13	Today’s number is 10, it was 300 a week ago, about 50 000 a month ago And just a year ago the number was 7.9 billion
489	PG-13	I cannot properly express the terror I felt when our submersible came across a man, chained to the bottom of the ocean. But it's nothing compared to the terror I'm feeling as these social media campaigns lobby to try and free him.
757	PG	“If it wasn’t for you, I would have gone insane by now.” The man smiled warmly at the mirror and then headed off to work.
618	PG-13	She cowered under the blankets as Daddy came in with whiskey on his breath, knowing what was to come. She squeezed her eyes shut when the deep voice under her bed growled, '*Not This Time, Bad Human*' ... and then the screaming started.
772	R	He smiled, he had finally gotten rid of the vermin inside her. Although he couldn't take his wife's endless sobbing about her 'miscarriage'.
556	R	[JAN22] I was trolling through the bayou when I caught a glimpse of a human foot bobbing next to my crab trap. I guess the crabs weren't hungry in this part of the water, so I scooped it up and brought it to the next one.
753	R	After 2 weeks of radio silence the recovery team expected they would only find the astronauts' corpses. They did not expect to find their corpses riddled with human bites or the blood-written messages on the walls begging for more.
446	PG-13	It isn’t going to suck itself, is it? I said to my wife. My knees went weak when the odd slurping sounds started as she stared, horrified from across the room.
106	PG-13	Say whatever you want about me, but I packed my bags and left my girlfriend after she decided not to terminate the pregnancy. Not only did she cheat on me, but judging by the wretched ultrasound scans, I’m not sure with what species.
711	PG-13	I got my sister a 'better luck next time' card, and got all of our family to write funny messages on it Watching her collapse to the floor weeping after reading it, made her infant son's funeral all the more enjoyable
248	PG	A robot cannot harm a human or, by inaction, allow a human to come to harm.' [deleted]
976	PG-13	The terrified girl took out a gun and fires at one of the robber as she heard the other robber screamed. 'Amy stop! It was just a prank!'
733	NC-17	My father always said, “You are young now, but soon you will grow up to be a man.” I struggled against my restraints as he injected me with another vial of testosterone, slowly destroying my goal of being head cheerleader.
119	R	The kid is giggling as he pushes his dad. Though he's wondering why the swing is nothing like the one in the park and his dad is not sitting either.
166	NC-17	“You need to eat babe, otherwise how else are you going to get back your energy,” the worried husband said to his sickly pale wife who laid on the bed. Even as she screamed hoarsely, he handed her the plate of breakfast, filled with the soggy, red remains of what could be salvaged from the morning cleanup of the disappointing pregnancy.
965	PG-13	I'd been digging for hours, never doubting my brother's insistence that there was buried treasure to be found. It wasn't until I saw him pull out his revolver that I realized I had been digging my own grave.
246	PG-13	I had finally killed the final boss. Now i just have to wait for the stock market to crash.
760	R	I cried as I ate the last mouthful of meat I had. I hope I'm found soon, or I'll have to eat my other leg as well.
998	PG	The heavy breathing was coming from my closet. That would have been nice to know before I chose my hiding spot.
609	R	The soft, wet *plaps* of the tentacles slapping the concrete in our driveway, followed by the dragging sound, told me that my fears had come home. The squids had arrived, and they were angry about the videos I'd been watching online.
823	PG-13	Forced to kneel on the ground, I used all my might to toss my head backwards, hoping to hit my kidnapper's stomach. I realised too late that he had pointed a knife at the back of my head.
